 of 1 In the name of God the Most Compassionate the Most Merciful Chief of Staff Committee The group of officers and personnel qualified to work with a military commander leader in leading the military component company that is under his command in peace and in war. Its tasks: Assisting the leader in preparing the component company and leading and administering it through: 1. Collecting information; . Preparing the component company and transferring/disseminating it; 3. Supervising its implementation; 4. Organizing the work of different services that assist the combatant component company. Chief of Staff Committee's Wings: The First Wing: The Organization and Administration Wing, or the Personnel Wing. Its task is taking care of anything related to manpower in the component company The Second Wing: Reconnaissance and Military Intelligence Wing. Its task is to collect information and analyze it. The Third Wing: The Operations Wing. Its tasks are to train the forces in war and in peace, plan the operations, and administer them at the time of war. The Fourth Wing: The Provisions and Supply Wing. It takes care of all the administration's affairs, like transportation, supply, provisions, maintenance, evacuation, emergencies, and all that is related to financial and logistic matters. A Fifth Wing has been added: The Morale Affairs Wing. It takes care of the morale of the army at times of peace and war, and ties the army to the nation and treats the psychological war issues. “Usually this wing works under the third wing during the preparation and during the war times.” Chief of Staff: He heads the Chief of Staff Committee. He is a true aide to the commander leader, and he follows up on the various activities of the component company. He enjoys many authorities' benefits, and he has Œ on the supreme authority level - a number of helpers who have the title “Assistant Chief of Staff.” In the Supreme Authority, there is an office that helps the commander leader, and it includes a group of officers, including the associates. The task of this office is facilitating the works of the commander leader and communicating with the Supreme Authority leader or the non-military authorities. But the Chief of Staff Committee remains the main assistant body assigned to collect the elements necessary for the authority's leadership decisions, and for the progress of that decision, and for remaining vigilant in facilitating the matters after the taking of the decision by the commander leader, so that this decision can achieve its goals. 