 Course of Islamic Study for Soldiers and Members The literacy phase: 1. Teaching reading and writing 2. memorization from Surahs al-Dahi to al-Nas 3. Memorization of event memorials from the book, "The Strength of the Muslim" 4. Teaching the method of praying as the Prophet did 5. Teaching the meaning of the world "monotheism": "There is no god but God, and Muhammad is His prophet". 6. Teaching the understanding of virtue 7. Teaching and memorizing the text of "The Ten Violations Against Islam" Phase One: 1. The : The 'Amm section, including memorization, explaining, and perfecting the recitation; the book, "The Key to Perfecting Recitation" 2. The Hadith: The text "Compendium of Sciences and Judgment by ((Bin Rajb)); memorization and meaning 3. Doctrine: The three fundamentals; the obligatory duties 4. Islamic Jurisprudence: The illumination in the text of "The Purpose and Becoming Closer to God" 5. Jihad: The Ethics of the Mujahid; The 100th Surah read aloud; the abridged "Suhayl al-Jayyad" 6. The life of the Prophet: Lectures from all sections prior to "al-Ba'thah" from the book "Garden of Lights" 7. Renouncing worldly things and Islamic legal ethics: Lectures from the book "The Gardens of Good Men" 8. Arabic Language: Part one of the book "Arabic for Non-Arabic Speakers" Phase Two: 1. The : The Tabarak section, including memorization, explanation, and recitation; Recitation of part one of the book "The Gifts of the Beneficiary" 2. The Hadith: Judgments and the section of Acts of Worship 3. Doctrine: The two messages in al-Muwalah: An explanation of the violations against Islam by Shaykh Sulayman Nasir al-(('Ulwan)); the text of the book, "Monotheism"; a message on giving authority to situational laws 4. Islamic Jurisprudence: Jurisprudence lessons from the book, "Judgment and the Worship Section" 5. Jihad: Learning the first half of the book, "Mashara' al-Ashwar" 6. The life of the Prophet: Lectures from sections "al-Ba'thah" to "al-Hijrah" from the book, "Garden of Lights" 7. Renouncing worldly things and Islamic legal ethics: Lectures form the book "The Gardens of Good Men" 8. Arabic Language: Part two of the book, "Arabic for Non-Arabic Speakers" Phase Three: 1. The : The Qad Sam'a section, including memorization, explaining, and perfecting the recitation. Recitation of part two of the book, "The Gifts of the Beneficiary" 2. The Hadith: The "Transactions" section of Judgments 3. Doctrine: The book, "Salam al-Wusul," by Shaykh al-Hafiz al-((Hakmi)) 4. Islamic Jurisprudence: Jurisprudence lessons from the "Transactions" section of Judgments 5. Jihad: Learning the second half of the book "Mashara' al-Ashwar" 6. The life of the Prophet: Lectures from "The Prophet's Raids" from the book, "Garden of Lights" 7. Renouncing worldly things and Islamic legal ethics: Lectures from the book, "The Gardens of Good Men" 8. Lectures: Added to studies 9. Arabic Language: Part three of the book, "Arabic for Non-Arabic Speakers" 10. Contemporary Books: Selected talks on the wisdom of seeking assistance from Infidels, by Shaykh Hamud ((Bin 'Aqla')) 11. Fundaments of Jurisprudence: The text, "The al-Juwayni Papers" Lectures to be given in all phases: 1. Guidance for the path, 1-2-3, by Shaykh Usama Bin Ladin 2. Books by contemporary commanders of Jihad, including: Abu Mus'ab al-Zarqawi, Shaykh ((Abu Yahya)) al-Libi, Shaykh Ayman al-((Zawahiri)), ((Abu Mus'ab)) al-Suri, etc. 3. The Lost Beacon and the Front of Historic Transformation, by Shaykh 'Abdallah 'Azzam 4. The Crusader Wars: - Worldwide Jihad - Jihad in the Horn of Africa - The rise and fall of Andalusia 5. Jerusalem and the Palestinian issue 6. Guideposts in faith and doctrine 7. The modern history of Jihad in the Horn of Africa 8. A brief word on raising children 9. Lectures on difference: al-Marji'ah (TN1) and Heretics (TN1: Al-Marji'ah is an Islamic principle that holds that no Muslim can judge who is a true Muslim.) 