 In the name of Allah, the Merciful, the Beneficent, and peace and prayer be upon his messenger. Dear honorable brother/ Shaykh Azmaray - I received your kind letter dated 23 February 2008, and I praised Allah for your safety and your good health. 2- In regard to the subject of Denmark, we will work on executing what you have asked us for, God willing (TN: footnote 1). 3- In regard to Shaykh Abu al-Layth: he was martyred with Abu Sahil al-Libi and ten other brothers, among them Arabs, Tajiks, and Turkistanis, God accept them as martyrs. 4- The two speeches about the Siege of Gaza and the message to Europe are very good and I hope they will be published soon. 5- Iraq: A- In regard to your suggestion regarding Iraq, I see the following: (1). In regard to sending someone from here in these conditions, it would be impossible. 'Atiyah returned after months of waiting, and he was told by those who promised him. They are not able, especially after the incident of 'Abdallah Khan. In the previous letter I sent you the recording of 'Atiyah, and in it is a description of the details of the journey. And Hajji Harun (al-Hakayimah) has returned also, and he insisted on going by any method, and he did not listen to any advice; when he was advised to return, he refused, but he was obliged to come back after he was forced, and I will attach to you his message to me (TN: footnote 2) which has good details about the conditions in prisons. (2). In regard to establishing a committee to settle differences, it is a good suggestion, but it must be accepted by the various parties, and at least the parties on the correct plan. We will not be able to send an individual from here but we may ask the brothers there to work on it. (1)- Attached is a letter to Abu Mus'ab 'Abd-al-Wadud, and this matter is in a file titled (Jaz). (2)- It is attached to a file titled: (HAJE SALEEM). (3). In regard to establishing the section mentioned inside the office of Mujahidin Affairs, we will write to them in that regard (TN: footnote 1), and I want the message to be from you. (4). In regard to the suggestion of the court, it is a very good suggestion, and I have some observations about it; A) The court must be accepted by all the parties agreed to it. We cannot dictate to its parties from our side, but we can only suggest names to present to the parties who want to commit to it. B) In regard to the court's personalities: [1]. Transfer is very difficult. [2]. Of the names suggested: [A]- 'Atiyah is a very good choice, but the road is semi-closed as you know. I have encouraged him very much to return, and when he wanted to return, he was not able, so it is not advisable to send him into sure danger. [B]- Al-'Utaybi: "1" Unknown to us, and we have no information about him, and also we have not received the opinions of the brothers there about him, why did they remove him? "2" He is a removed person, and as the saying goes (Removing is a man's divorce), and he always has problems with them, how can we impose a man they removed on them? We did not investigate the truth of his complaint about them, and even if his complaint against them was true, only God knows. It is not suitable to dictate to them a person that was their enemy, and they still have problems between them. "3" His behavior is not comfortable: "A" He declares that he did not support anyone here or there, and he did not respond to the call to allegiance. "B" He prefers to be of Abu al-Walid al-Filistini's position. "C" When the brothers sent him to Abu Yahya al-Libi to cooperate with him in the activities of al-Shari's Committee, he stayed one day only and then left him and went to al-Dhabah Independent group, which declares that they are not with al-Qa'ida. They communicate directly with their acquaintance in the Arabian Peninsula. About a month ago, the brothers informed me that he lived with al-Dhabah for about a month, on the pretense of obtaining training courses. Al-Dhabah has split and established a separate group, and he communicated with the Peninsula, and says, according to the brothers, whoever wants coffee, communications, and operations, he must go to al-Dhabah. One of his group went to the house where Abu al-Layth was killed, and photographed it after it was hit, and then he sent the photos to the Jihadist forums with the news of the Shaykh's martyrdom, and the brothers were discussing whether to publish it or not, and they did not decide yet. (1)- Attached is a message to Abu 'Umar al-Baghdadi, regarding your advice, in a file titled ('Ar). (5). In regard to your suggestion to introduce the trustees in the states, we will send it to them, God Willing. (6). In regard to your suggestion for the brothers to decide their needs, we will send it to them. (7). In regard to submitting a report about Iraq, I will do that. (8). In regard to what you mentioned about the activities of Abu Sulayman's message, the brothers have sent to the brothers there asking them, but they have not heard from them yet. And based on a suggestion from the brothers, I have sent a message to Abu Sulayman welcoming him, and assuring him that we have worked on what he said, and I encourage him to cooperate with his brothers. B- I suggest to you the following, to support Iraq. (1) To affirm in your speeches, supporting the Mujahidin in Iraq with men and money. (2) Support the parties that espouse the real Islamic trend, far away from the nationalist fanaticism, and point out to all that nationalist fanatics do not deserve support. (3) During the encouragement to support Iraq or Afghanistan or any other place, insist that the support reaches the known Emirs or whomever they recommend. 6- In regard to the case of Mullah Mansur, I have sent to you a summary of that in the previous letter. The reason for him going to Baluchistan -As I informed you- is that Baytallah sent him out of his area when he refused the order of our friend. And I received news from a reliable source that he was not captured, and I hope it is true. Our friend sent a voice recording to Mansur's elements, criticizing the accusations of Mansur, and talking to them in a harsh manner. Hafiz listened to him, and we hope that he will send details of it. In the last letter I asked you to provide me with your directions in the case of sending a message to our friend; should we send him a detailed message, the way we wrote it before, and to be the clarification and an excuse for everyone, with our knowledge that it will surely be read by the couriers, and we cannot guarantee that it will reach to him. It may be translated or summarized or copied for him in a different manner, to say that they object to what you say, or do we follow the advice of Yasir, to go through Baradar and then to the same group? 7- In regard to your directions in regard to the Shiite, we will act on that. 8- In regard to your directions on the appointment speeches, we will act on that. - In regard to your direction for Al Jazeera, we will act on that. 10- And to answer your question in regard to my delayed comments about the latest activities, it was due to being busy in preparing and reviewing the acquitting letter. I sent it to the brothers on 19 Dhul Hijah (last month of the Hijri year), and asked them to answer me in one month. None answered me, as I told you, except Shaykh 'Atiyah and Shaykh Sultan. And I ended it in Muharram (1st month in the Hijri year). After reviewing it, I sent it at the end of Muharram to be published. Also, we announced an open meeting, and we received questions as falling rain, and I became busy in choosing from it, and then I divided them into two sections. I answered the questions of the first section with a speech about the bombing of Gaza, and before that I sent a letter of condolences for Abu al-Layth. The brothers informed me that it has been published, and now I am preparing the answers of the second section, and I will send copies of the questions for the first section. The second section is not finished for you to see the general attitude of the questioners. Most of them are in support, and the objectors are from the brothers and the seculars, and they are few, but I have chosen a number of their questions to answer. You will notice that most of the questions are due to the lack of al-Qa'ida in Palestine and about Hamas, Nahr al-Barid, and the semi-killing of the innocent (TN: footnote 1). 11- We also hope that you will provide us with your opinion about the letter of (acquittal). 12- I was able to have a meeting with Sultan, 'Atiyah and Habib, it was a blessing from Allah and a sign of relief. It was a beneficial meeting, in which we discussed most of the situations, and I hope to repeat it in every period, and you will see it soon. 13- In regard to Abu Hamzah al-Jawfi: the brothers complained to me about him. He collects money in the name of the organization, pretending that he has a special connection to the Shaykh and the Doctor, in addition to his attempt to bring back the brothers and to start trouble between them and their leaders, and he has hurt many people. They said that they proved the money case against him with concrete evidence. The brothers on the Shura committee are asking for his dismissal, and to publish it, so he cannot collect money. I told them that I will turn the matter over to you. I did not want to decide the matter due to its danger on one side, and because there was an old confrontation between he and I but it was over, and the brotherhood was back between us before he came to Afghanistan. My opinion is to send it to the council to settle. 14- We received some reactions from the Gulf, as a result of the latest publications: - The Shaykh's speeches with their great benefits but it is general and separated. - The Doctor's speeches are detailed, and answer the suspicions with excuses, and the most important is the advice of a kind person, and I think the last debate with al-Sahab that confronted Iran. - The speeches of Shaykh Yahya are effective, especially the trumpet tape. I wish al-Shaykh would send a speech of about an hour with every letter, where he talks about most of the developments. (1)- Attached is a file titled (The Latest Achievements). At the end, I leave you in God's protection, asking him to give you victory and peace. Your loving brother, Wednesday, 5 March 2008 End of translation 