 In the name of God, the Compassionate, the Merciful We thank God and seek His forgiveness. We take refuge in Him from the evil of our sins and our misdeeds. Those who are shown the path by Him will never be lost, and those who mislead others will never be shown the path. I vow that there is no God but one God, alone and with no equals, and vow that Muhammad is His worshiper and messenger, peace be upon him, his kin, and companions, and those who were enlightened by him. Thereafter: Dear Muslim brothers and sisters... Dear Mujahidin brothers, sons of our dear and victorious nation... Peace, mercy and blessings be upon you, What compelled me to write these few words to you was what I and other people have heard about the many accusations on the Internet directed against the jihadi movement by the enemy and the media. [The mujahidin have been accused] of killing Muslims and they have been portrayed as killers who are only interested in spilling blood, looting, and pilfering money, and of having no dignified goal, honorable purpose, political strategy, or anything similar to this. However, they lie... The cunning crusader enemy is the one that propagates these [lies]. [These lies] were told by the cunning crusader enemy, who is preparing to leave Afghanistan, despised and banished, and as usual, continuously defiling and pursuing a scorched-earth policy, annihilating children and cropland as it comes out, not bending for anything humanitarian and not thinking of any consequence or future relations between nations. What has helped them is an atmosphere filled with the dust caused by this fugitive enemy, as other suspicious operations are being conducted inside Muslim markets and sometimes inside mosques or other places. Furthermore, to pave the road, enlighten the path, and as an obligation to God, to increase our efforts in controlling our good jihadi movement, we assure you that we are completely innocent of any operation that targets Muslims anywhere, whether inside their mosques, markets, roads, or gatherings. Al-Qa'ida jihadi organization, as represented by their leadership and through their statements and spokesmen, has confirmed this matter repeatedly, explained our agenda, our approach, and our call, while making sure to look at our Islamic nation as a nation that has been subdued against its will and that we don't absolve [the Islamic nation] or ourselves from this shortfall. This could be attributed to the most obvious reason that all facts point to, which is that the people in our nation are controlled by tyrants and treacherous secular systems that are agents for the enemy and allies to the Western crusade. This is a Muslim nation, which makes us and everyone capable and obligated to seek to rescue it and guide it, and to raise it to its proper glory, honor, and dignity, not by killing its people, plundering its possessions, and escalating its afflictions, miseries, and tragedies. We are bound by Almighty God's Shari'a that forbids us from killing anyone, except for the requirements of justice. It doesn't matter how oppressive or arrogant the enemy is, or how much revenge and hatred has accumulated from wars. Winning the approval of God and His generosity is a more cherished and noble goal to us than anything. Therefore, we are innocent from any such actions. It doesn't matter who perpetrates it or where, whether by criminal gangs affiliated to the enemy, or by those infidel security mercenary-companies, May God take them all, even if they belong to the Muslims or Mujahidin but have slackened or become neglectful. We Œ clearly Œ consider these actions as corruption on earth, which we were forbidden from doing, (and God does not like mischief) and (God doesn't love those who do mischief). Our legitimate and blessed jihad has glorious goals and noble objectives that are full of mercy, justice, generosity, honor, pride, dignity, good virtues, rewards, and prosperity, all following the good pleasure of Almighty God and His universe, on His side, advocating His word, the Exalted Almighty, spreading the word of God above all else, supporting and protecting His religion, enforcing righteousness, fending off tyranny and aggression, seeking to liberate people and nations, being merciful to all creatures, and benefiting all. We remind our brethren, the Mujahidin, everywhere, May God bless them all, to disseminate and spread the word about the significance of forbidding the shedding of Muslim blood. We must be cautious not to shed it and to protect and defend it from being shed unjustly. It is a must to stop any reason that might lead to the spilling of Muslim blood, the plundering of their property, or the ravaging of their honor. We must not get overwhelmed by the war, its atmosphere, conditions, hatreds, and revenge that might mislead us from adhering to God's Almighty Shari'a in this matter or any other matter. Nor should it keep us away from our absolute veneration of God Almighty. We are the worshipers of God Almighty and His soldiers walking the path of Muhammad (PBUH), fully committed with endurance and conviction. This is just a reminder to confirm and clarify our obvious position regarding this. This is not a statement of elaboration; and the holy Shari'a texts concerning this are very clear and do not conceal anything from any Muslim. I can't stress enough the significance and greatness of the believer's soul and the inviolability of Muslim blood as much as expressed by the Prophet (PBUH) who said, “The vanishing of the world is lesser to Him than the killing a [single] Muslim soul.” So, I hope we all vanish and all our organizations, groups, and plans vanish, before we shed by our hand a single drop of Muslim blood without justification. It is a crucial issue and it's very clear. I call my brothers, the Mujahidin, wherever they are Œ may God bless them with victory Œ to these important points: First: I call them to issue orders to all battalions and companies fighting in the field to prevent explosions and using methods that kill generally and indiscriminately in Muslim mosques or similar, general gathering places, such as markets, streets, playgrounds, or whatever the target it may be, so as to control the situation, as a precaution, and to avoid mistakes and [collateral] damage. On the contrary, incidents of this sort, if ever found, should be very, very rare. Second: We must endeavor to control operations using human shields, perfect them, and be cautious not to increase them, as it has been authorized, unlike before. It is very important to control these operations that use human lives as shields and to be careful not to increase them, even though they are allowed, contrary to the past. They are to be used only when necessary, and the situation should be judged accordingly. The emirs should be extremely strict about [these operations], not to allow anything that's forbidden from taking place, and that they meet all conditions, such as the damage [against the enemy] is great and valuable, that the chance to get this particular major target is very bleak, that a certain method is assigned to get to the target, that not conducting this operation would harm jihad and give the enemy a better chance to advance and expand, etc. This is continued in the following point: Third: To entrust the supervision of these types of operations (using explosives) to specialized, trusted committees that include trusted military staff and students of knowledge to study every aspect of it separately to decide whether to conduct it or not, similar to what we do at AQ [al-Qa'ida], thanks to God. These committees should look into every proposed operation separately to guarantee its precise implementation of proper Shari'a, May God grant you success. Fourth: All jihadi leadership everywhere should make sure to religiously educate all of the Mujahidin brethren generally, and specifically the Fedayeen (suicide-martyrdom fighters), to advise them fully and to make sure they understand all conditions stipulated in jihadi jurisprudence of such operations that they are about to conduct, such as: to be fully dedicated to it, to completely obey God Almighty, to sacrifice themselves to uphold the word of God, and strengthen the name of religion by repelling the infidel enemy who corrupts religion and anything in life!! They should not attempt to hit any suspicious target or something that might cause controversy or discussion or raise debates, unless its fully checked, 100-percent sure, and reassured that it's proper and permissible [by God and Shari'a] to hit it [that target], and that conducting it will please God Almighty. The mujahidin leadership should advise the suicide bomber of this and warn them from being tricked or being sent to questionable suspicious targets of which they were not advised. Even if the suicide bomber attempted any [operation] without making sure that everything is correct [religiously] and without full knowledge of the whole situation, then he is negligent and will be blamed, and God will punish and torment him instead of winning martyrdom, and who wants to have that?!! How many people on both sides died with intentions that only God knows, and how many people seek to do good but never attain it? The Mujahidin that sacrifice their lives, souls and to please God and they don't accept this at all... Our religion is knowledge, work, and good intent. So let us learn good knowledge and let us have insight/wisdom: Let's mend our ways, and Let's set our intentions straight, and May God bless us with success. God keep our religion pure for us, for that's what holds us together, and set our lives straight in this life we live, and mend our ways to be ready for heaven to which we will eventually return. Finally, we pray to Almighty God of all worlds. And peace, mercy, and blessings be upon you. 