 Dear brother Abu--protect you I hope you, all the brothers, and your associates are doing well. 1. We received your latest message with the messages of Shaykh Abu-Muhammad and B-al-Latif. However I was unable to open yours, probably due a glitch while sending it from your side. So, I urge you to send another copy of it, but first make sure that it opens. 2. As for your previous suggestion to appoint Shaykh Mahmud for the proposed tasks, this is good. However, appointments for high responsibilities should be commissioned for a specific period [one hijri year] in messages by Shaykh Abu-Muhammad. In addition to Stasks, he will be one of the speakers on behalf of the Organization and will focus on the Dawah, jihadi inspirations, and support to the mujahidun, especially in hot locations, such as Palestine, Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia, and the Islamic Maghreb, as well as to support and defend the Islamic State of Iraq, to refute the suspicions that rose about it, and to reply to the defeatist and hypocrite front headed by Salman al-people like him. The replies shall be simple, not provocative, and instructive, based on Sregulation and restricted to only those who should receive it. So, many speakers should be ignored. It is wiser to reply to the hurtful Arabic Saudi channels that broadcasted that al-a connection with Iran. Likewise, we should profit from the first appropriate opportunity to talk about the role of the two dignified deceased shaykhs, Abu--Banshiri and Abu-Hafs al-Masri, who are repeatedly being criticized unjustly, -in-law. 3. Your suggestions to appoint or computer work are good. 4. The decision to appoint Shaykh Abu-al-Layth by Shaykh Abu-Muhammad, I think it is good. I think that what you endorsed is fine - It is sufficient to sign the statements by Shaykh Abu-Muhammad addressed to emirs in the countries and regions. I informed you, so God will be my witness. As to what you mentioned in your message that a delegate visited Hgave him a message that [the delegate] claimed it was from our friend then things happened made you have doubts about it, I will say: Knowing the truth of this delegate is extremely crucial and dealing with them shall be based on this. It is not a secret to you that most of these people are on the same path as the man who gave our brother Sharif away, may Allah release him. So it is important to keep this in mind while dealing with them. It is not difficult for these people to be led by the intelligence of apostate countries. In conclusion, these people accepted to uphold only the part of religion that the tyrants allowed, and they Based on this, the establishment of Islamic Emirate is in danger. They will become successors if our friend goes (nfi). They want to drag us in their transgression, so you should be cautious with them. Therefore, any request that would lead to disrupting or weakening the mandatory jihad should be rejected and stay away from it. [The successors] shall understand that they cannot give promises on our behalf to countries, especially those involved in war against Muslims. Otherwise, we will be a ring of a chain led by intelligence. So, you must guard your secrets from them. Likewise, each time you meet with them, you must think, as , is among them. Thus, the United States is targeting us in everywhere on the face of Earth. We are in a situation to defend our religion and souls. We concede what jihad requires and obey and follow S As for the message regarding the ceasefire between Sunnis and Shiites, we must explain to our friend that this issue is deceiving and misleading, because they are the ones who waged the war and are insisting on continuing it. Therefore, the ceasefire is in their control. They aim to control all the Islamic world beginning from Iraq and the Arabian Peninsula. And [this explanation] should be like your letter for him (our friend) regarding the dispute, court, and Ibn Jan. - As to push for the issue of detainees, the price for us should not be to grant a ceasefire. You know well the against the Sunni, which means to destruct the achievement of a ceasefire with them. 6- I urge you to deduct an amount of 10,000 dollars from my account and deposit it in the mujahidun account (Var.: budget). 7- I sent an amount of 12,000 euros; I want it to go to the mujahidun. So, please deduct this amount from my account with you and deposit it in the mujahidun account. Consequently, confirm these transactions with me in the upcoming message in order to collect the amount here from the concerned ones. Likewise, I would like you to deduct an amount of fifteen thousand guilders from my account to give them to mujahidun to buy three sacrifices with them, unless they need it for more important necessitate. 8- We received 35,000 euros from you in the message that we could not open, may Allah reward you, and I urge you to send the remainder. 9. I enclosed a message to Brother Bakr; I urge you to help B-al-Latif deliver it. I convey my best regards to you. 17 December 2007 