 of 12 Do not ignore the plank and look for the speck. Praise be to Allah, and peace, and prayers be upon Allah's messenger, upon his family, upon his companions, and upon those who follow him. We are not Huthis. We are not with Huthi nor are we from them. God forbid if we were like that. There are great differences between our religion and theirs, our doctrine and theirs, our ideology and theirs, and our goals and theirs. However, Allah Almighty has refused to leave one who plays around with and manipulate His religion without exposing him and uncovering his fakeness even after some time. We ask Allah out of His mercy to cover for our mistakes. In such a person, you would see such inconsistency in his conduct, you would see him confused in marketing for the contradicting justifications, he would make up all kinds of deviations and misguidance. He would plan and then destroy, he would accept and then reject, he would separate and then connect, he would praise and then libel; there is no control and there is no foundation. He would go with and wherever fantasy drags him, just like how a dog drags its owner; he pants as a dog. Almighty has said, “Relate to them the story of the man to whom We sent Our signs, but he passed them by: So Satan followed him up, and he went astray. If it had been Our will, We should have elevated him with Our signs; but he was inclined to the earth and followed his own vain desires. His similitude is that of a dog: If you attack him, he lolls out his tongue, or if you leave him alone, he (still) lolls out his tongue. That is the similitude of those who reject Our signs; So relate the story; perchance they may reflect.” (Surah 7, Verses 175-176) He would manipulate Allah's instructions instead of obeying them. He would direct them to whatever he wants, instead of be directed by them. He would make Allah's instructions follow his purpose and fantasies; he would not follow them unless they agree with his desires. Worse than this is he who subdues them to the fantasies of others, he who substitutes his religion for less important life. Isma'il Bin Abu ‚Uways said that he heard his maternal uncle Malik Bin Anas saying that Rabi'at al-Ra'ay, who was Malik's professor, saying, “O Malik, who are the low people?” Malik said, “That who sells his religion.” Malik said that then he asked Malik, “Who are the lowest of the low people?” Malik responded, “That who repair the life of another by corrupting his religion.” There was a saying similar to this by Abdallah Ibn al-Mubarak, may Allah have mercy upon all. The events of the Huthi that are taking place with Aal Saud have come to place those who are still stabbing jihad and mujahidin on the touchstone. They use their pens, sites, and platforms to get them and to discredit them. They search for their small mistakes Œ even by making things up or through illusions Œto put it of 12 in the circle of criticism, counseling, or directing claiming that the importance of the issue, and the greatness of the deviation, calls for such. This motivates them to take themselves away from pretending not to see, favors, and hinting. It mandates them to be clear, specific, and open. I consider what is happening now there as a kind of Allah's defense to the believers and mujahidin, and He is planning for those manipulations; so, they were in a situation that no one could envy. This is not to gloat, but it is a clarification for those who built their judgment and interpretations on a cliff of bad fantasies, on a wrong filthy opinions, flattering the rulers, ingratiating the tyrants, humoring their desires, going through difficult tasks and humiliations to satisfy them and making them happy, going the extra mile to justify their falsehood and misguidance, turning the blind eye to their infidelity and fakeness, not confronting their heresies and programs through which they strip the people from their religion and steal it from the depth of their hearts to substitute for it the seeds of hypocrisy, atheism, and corruption. This would create a generation that is weak that fights religion, manners, and purity; generations that deny their Arab descent, proud of their western manners, from which the nation would suffer decades, if not centuries, before it regains part of its strength. The issue of ‚Abdallah University for Technology in Jeddah is not strange to us. It is the most wicked tree that has been planted in this land, ever! Its fruits will be nothing but like the devil's head, better yet, it will be the devil's head in its ideology, its liberty, its nakedness, its justifications, and in its temptation. It will broadcast atheism and ways of atheism's horrors that would turn a little boy's hair to grey. By Allah, it is a disaster. and what a disaster; it is a catastrophe, and what a catastrophe. I swear, it is a bad omen for the good people of that country. You will see its wicked harvest in a few years. Allah Almighty said, “When We decide to destroy a population, We (first) send a definite order to those among them who are given the good things of this life and yet transgress so that the word is proved True against them: then We destroy them utterly. (Surah 16, Verse 17) It also has been said that if Allah wants to reform a nation, He sends them a reformer; if He wants corruption for them, He sends them a corrupter; if He wants to destroy it, He increases its lavish people; so, watch, whom Allah has sent to you. What is worse and bitterer than this is its biggest case and its greatest ordeal is discussed and limited to the forbidden mixes of sexes and its consequences. Although this is a great matter, what is bitterer and deeper than that is as what the scholar Bakr Abu Zayd, Allah, may have mercy on his soul, said about the foreign schools of 12 that their issue was glorified and their heat increased back then, and their risk and evil were recognized. He spoke out of mental agony in honest words saying, “Today, the most important situation in the beginning of the academic year 1419 (, has come”: An issue has come upon the peninsula for which there is no condolence... ...for which, Uhud collapsed and Thahlan crashed down. Today, in our country, “The dark house” has been opened. The greatest strike that has been directed against this country has come upon our country; it is a back breaker: The worldly foreign imperialistic schools are now open. Today, [the foreign schools] are openly on our lands. Today, an evil omen and dangerous disaster, the disastrous tools of preaching and the wicked tools of conversion to Christianity and westernizing have come in the heart of the Arabian Peninsula, the sanctuary of Islam, the capital of Islam and its base. This disaster is moving the Muslims from their Islamic homes represented in the Islamic local and public schools, and submitting them to the homes of infidelity, misguidance, openness, and atheism: (the worldly foreign schools.) By Allah, (the worldly foreign schools) are a calamity, and what a calamity to come in the heart of the Arabian Peninsula. Screams and warnings have been lost within the wind of the government of Al Saud's fantasies under the leadership of their blind Bedouin. Those foreign schools became a common issue, competitors compete to enter them and be educated in them and the ostentatious brag until the (shrine of the living) came into Jeddah. Its calamity took over any other calamity; its catastrophe made every crying eye silent and every complainer shut up. Let Uhud collapse and Thahlan crash down! This catastrophe exceeded all its predecessors... ...it will If there is a lesson learned in establishing and spreading foreign schools, let the advisors give advice; let those who have zeal speak, and let those who care try. May Allah reward all of those, God willing, as the Almighty said, “When some of them said, ‚Why do ye preach to a people whom God will destroy or visit with a terrible punishment?' The preachers said, ‚To discharge our duty to your Lord, and perchance they may fear Him.'” (Surah 7 verse 164.) The preachers gave excuses to their God, the criminals did not fear Allah, but they continued in their injustice, which made the fire of those schools increase. One is not stung from the same den twice. For this reason, the condemning statements, the passing fatwas, the hidden sermons, expanding discussion, negotiations and responses, and nonsense complements, will never stop this destructive expansion that is led by the idiot of the Peninsula. of 12 His consecutive projects and his continued programs have shown that he does not pay attention to anyone who objects to him. However, he is going in his corruption and colorful infidelity as a mad camel that does not stop for anything. If he continues on his condition, and I ask Allah to rush and take him away, you will hear the bells of the Christians ring loudly on the Arabian Peninsula and see their churches high in its sky. This is not a heresy, pessimism, or exaggeration. Shaykh Bakr Abu Zayd, may Allah have mercy on his soul, rang the warning bells a long time ago when he said, “The opening of those schools is an aggressive step for expanding the influence of their church and culture. The risk after that (is opening churches), distributing bibles, books, and media that encourage the conversion to Christianity and the opening of foreign courts and missionary centers that convert people to Christianity. They are behind us, in front of us, on our right side, and on our left side in all the Arab Gulf countries with no exception, as an extension to the sad reality in the Muslim world. “The Shrine of the Living” that was established in Jeddah deserves nothing but destruction. Pens, talks, friendly rebuking, or blaming will not stop it. Nothing will work to cut its evil and protect the generation against its rottenness, except what the best of mankind (PBUH) did with the Mosque of Mischief (Surah 9, Verse 107), that was a den for the evil people, when He ordered it to be burned and made it ashes. The emir of the believers, Ali Ibn Abu Talib did the same thing. Abu ‚Ubayd al-Qasim quoted Rabi'ah Ibn Zaka' saying, “Ali Ibn Abu Talib, may Allah be pleased with him, looked at Zarrarah and asked, ‚What is this village?' They said that this is a village called Zarrarah in which they sell alcohol. He asked, ‚Which way leads to it?' They said, ‚Bab al-Jisr'. Someone said, ‚O Emir of the believers, we can take a ship for you.' Ali said, ‚This is mocking, we do not need mockery; take us to “Bab al-Jisr.”' He started walking until he reached it; then he said, ‚Start the fire in it, burn it; it is full of wickedness.'” It was said that it was burned from its west until it reached the orchard of Khwasta Ibn Jabruna. Alcohol is one of the wicked things that affect the minds for some time and then it goes away. Imagine then what these castles will do in planting low ideologies and spreading fallen sins, in decorating ugly falsehood, in spreading fatal poison, and in broadcasting low imagination, inflicting the most pain to the nation as it is seen. of 12 This is because of its long life, its inheritance from generation to another, its quick spread, and for the reasons for receiving it. I refer you to the books of the philosophers over which people competed to translate; its adversities are still cascading on the religion as a whole. The religion's science became harder than the hardest and thinner than the pellicle. Poor becomes the hand that burns by its own heat; a hand perishes by its own deed and perishes its construction. Do be frightened by what you see in it from dazzling decoration, luxury halls, types of equipment and technology, and well features and management; what Allah curses remains, the same even if it was a golden calf; to Him it is low. Allah does not look at your images or at your bodies, but he looks at your hearts and your deeds. Although what the hypocrites built was named a mosque, His messenger (PBUH) ordered its destruction and his God forbade him from praying in it. He said, “And there are those who put up a mosque by way of mischief and infidelity - to disunite the Believers - and in preparation for one who warred against God and His Apostle aforetime. They will indeed swear that their intention is nothing but good. But God doth declare that they are certainly liars. Never stand thou forth therein.” (Surah 9 Verses 107 and part of 108) Nothing has harmed our Umma) except deception by appearances and stopping at the surface without looking at the facts, until the dark falsehood and misguidance spread among it and the poisons were licked as pure honey. Beliefs were destroyed, manners were cloned, depravities were spread, hearts died, ideas deviated, wicked people were dignified, and righteous people were insulted. One can take a lesson from the American University in Beirut, its sister in Cairo, and their counterparts, out of which flow a great mass of heretics, atheists, those who practice mischief, those who worship lusts, and those who adopt destructive ideologies that corrode and still corroding in the body of our Ummah to overstrained it; may Allah destroy them and their rotten dens. Now, we come back to the issue of the Huthis. We know what Aal Saud's Mufti was saying about jihad in Iraq. For the Mufti to prevent jihad's path, he established hurdles and obstacles that would put every reasonable person in shame, at least confusing minds by planting suspicious in the hearts. In doing so, he took avenues of spreading rumors, injustice, desertion, and impostures by which the mufti's lords, yet the lords of his lords, the Christians, are happy. Those Christians, the occupiers who have never dreamed that the mufti of the country of monotheism stands up to create a doubt in the banner under which mujahidin fight in Iraq and make what happens there adversity that one must or should avoid. of 12 He issued a lengthy detailed statement, which the media outfits circulated to make it a clear proof of spoiling the faith of anyone who comes close to the tyrants and depend on, let alone those who kiss not only their heads, but happily, their noses. What has happened and what is happening now in Iraq is: Christian infidel countries that have explicit animosity against the religion have come upon it with their horses and their men. They raided the country by land, by sea, and by air. It committed atrocities and horrors that a blind person would see and a deaf person would hear. Atrocities and horror, which are bloodcurdling, to which even stony and hard hearts move; a man, a woman, a child, a mosque, the Qur'an, neither a home was safe, but their lava burned everything, their bombs destroyed everything; they are in thousands. In the face of those massive groups of infields, stood a small group of the people of faith and soldiers of monotheism. They shook cowardice and failure off themselves, they ejected weakness and laziness, they adhered to the Great and Noble One, and they denounced borders and barriers. So, they addressed and instigated the one Muslim Ummah; they did not pay attention to nationality, ethnicity, or names that ripped their Ummah apart. They did not allow it to be an obstacle or a barrier that would prevent them from supporting each other or sticking together. The people of zeal and faith rose up from the midst of the Earth and from its sides. They rushed to them in groups and individually. They ventured, they ran a risk, and endured the venues of hardship and types of difficulties so that they would relieve their brothers, gain their God's pleasure, and prevent the infidel from reaching his goal. They have been assured that victory is from Allah and that truth is victories and falsehood is defeated. Blood was mixed with blood, determination merged with determination; they offered the rare sacrifices that were a bright forehead on the face of this dark age that is smeared with weakness, submission, and misery. Their actions came to be an object of pride for everyone who sat so long in the stale pool of desperation. Their intention is clearer than the sun in the middle of the sky without any clouds. Their land has been defeated by the infidels, the Christians. They defend with all their power to establish an Islamic State that submits to no one but Allah and that follows no laws except Allah's, a state that is loyal to those who are loyal to Him and hostile against His enemies. So, which banner is clearer than this banner, so they can say there is confusion? Its confusion is only in the minds of the lavish; the prophet (PBUH) was right when he said about them, of 12 “The most evil of my Ummah are those who have been invaded with luxury, those who seek kinds of food, kinds of clothes, and those who drawl with words.” As for Aal Saud, they feared if harm is inflicted upon them; there was a concern about their luxury if it is harmed, and if a shadow of a passing risk reaches them through a small fraction of “trespassers.” Here are the pure banners of jihad, its clear intentions, its aggressive and explicit fatwas, and its ongoing instigations. After a long wait, we heard that there is something called jihad, steadfastness, rushing to jihad, martyrdom, and martyrs. Podiums started to shake from supplications for mujahidin and for those who are on the front lines, but exclusively for those who are in the south. Miracles of jihad were recited, its stories were read, and its virtuousness appeared after a long absence after it had been hidden for long. We learned that the universal rule that controls many of the fatwas with those is: Wherever the ruler's pleasure is will be Allah's rule. So, their belief of the exemption was greater than the belief of Imams with the Shi'a. So, what upset the tyrants of Aal Saud from jihad in Iraq and made them view it as a confusing banner is the harm would be directly coming upon their masters and those who installed them: the Americans and their alliance. However, if a sign of harm approaches their thrones, even by empty explosives on faraway mountains and distant borders, sirens are blown in the air and jihad becomes legal and the purity of its banner is obvious to the eyes and does not need a statement along aside of it. So, where are the scattered remnants of the army who slipped out Œ if they truly have slipped out - in comparison with the heavily equipped armies that explicitly crawled with its power, arrogance, men and with its women? Where are the weapons of those who slipped out in comparison with the weapons of those who collected ammunition, technologies, land, sea, and air destructive weapons that they had never before collected? Where are the goals of those who came with programs and plans that if they are applied, Islam would no longer exist in comparison with the goals of that small faction that would not be one tenth of one tenth of the cross worshipers' forces? Where is what the people of Sunnah in Iraq suffered and still is suffering at the hands of the vicious crusaders and their followers from those who are full of hatred, the Shi'a, in comparison with what the Huthi did and are still doing? We ask Allah to defeat them all and to make their war against each other a rescue for His worshipers, the believers, the monotheists and to give power to the honest mujahidin. The intention here is not to defend those Huthis, may Allah defeat them, and not to search for justification to fight them; this is not our affair or our duty. We are not obligated to intervene at each front where the tyrants of Aal Saud engage. of 12 Neither is it our obligation to run our trains on the path that they established. Years ago, I wrote an article about the Shi'a that was entitled, “Nar al-Magus Fi Jazirat al-‚Arab”. It can be reviewed by whoever wishes to do so. However, as I said, when people such as the mufti deserted the mujahidin in Iraq and deserted those who wanted to rush to join them and pardoned or ignored all what the criminals the crusaders and their alliances from the Shi'a committed. After he raised a doubt about the pure banner of jihad under which mujahidin fight, Allah has inflicted him with a taste of his own medicine in a way that is not comparable from the aspect of the pusher or the pushed. He ran out of tricks and options, and all ways of escape were eliminated; so, he rushed careless contradictions. He gave a fatwa legalizing jihad against the Huthis. He instigated and urged; he enticed and urged people to rise. All ought to submit and calamity upon that who raise a doubt or oppose! “If Huzam said, you ought to believe her... ...it is what Huzam said.” So, do not oppose to avoid ejection. I do not know what is being said about justifying jihad against the infidel, aggressor, occupying armies in Iraq and Afghanistan or against the Ethiopians who sneak into Somalia, or against those of the CIA and the mercenaries of Blackwater who sneak into Pakistan, etc. Better yet, the crusaders forces in the Arabian Peninsula that Œ as they claim Œ guard them; it collects the neighbors, the Muslims; it salutes them and launches from bases that are built on their lands to kill their brothers in Iraq, in Afghanistan, and in Wazirstan; how can you justify this? How generous is Abdallah Ibn al-Mubarak when he said, “You, how allow other things to take over religion ... Hunting for the wealth of the Sultans Do not substitute religion for life as ... misguided monks do Life and its pleasures occupy ... With a trick that pushes religion away.” This is what we are accustomed to from the tyrant of Aal Saud. This is their reputation and their secrets. You would find them planning against religion and its people; they fight it with their hidden cunning. They spend huge amount of money defending it. For this, they become brothers with every cursed infidel of those who worship tree, stones, crosses, and Satan. Their hands are extended to each of the Muslims' cases that pertain to their hopes. They stay with it until they waste it, deviate it, or eliminate it. They remain like this until harm touches them or come close to touch them and think that there is no way to rescue them except by religion. Then they take its side. of 12 They then claim asceticism, obedience, happiness, and pleasure. They then open a window for it that would benefit them and not to harm them, to rescue them, and not to disable them, to fence them, but not to surround them. They then slave the scholars who approach them until they obtain their goals and get what they wanted, then when the religion's job ends, they turn against such a scholar, they ignore him and then throw him out as a handkerchief. Their condition is similar to what Almighty said, “They say, ‚We believe in God and in the apostle, and we obey.'” Even after that, some of them turn away: they are not (really) Believers. When they are summoned to God and His apostle so He may judge between them, behold some of them decline (to come). But if the right is on their side, they come to him with all submission. Is it that there is a disease in their hearts? or do they doubt, or are they in fear, that God and His Apostle will deal unjustly with them? Nay, it is they themselves who do wrong.” (Surah 24, Verses 47-50) He who understands their stance and actions toward many of the Muslims' cases, especially those that pertain to jihad, and assess them fairly, would see this very clearly. Nothing would give evidence to that like their situation during the jihad against the Soviet Union, when the wind out of the west was helping them. They fought against it the day it became against their lords and those who installed them of the Americans and their followers. They run on the rules of the Jews: He is our master and the son of our master He is evil and the son of evil. Just similar to taking the Shi'a as brothers to them and gladly allow their polytheists to weep, slap, and curse at the graves of the companions, may Allah be pleased with them. Furthermore, they protect them and defend them. They block their ears from those who advise them against the evil and polytheism. They rather jail them and torture them until they feel a risk from the side of the Huthi and their alliance the Shi'a, then they would use their force and power and enslave the same forces that protected them against them This illustrates that whatever they allowed those to do and facilitated for them was not out of weakness, but out of cunning and cooperation that is for a benefit for them that they saw and cared for. When such benefit vanishes, calamity would come upon those whom they used. A religion that tyrants drag and submit to their desire would bring corruption to the country and upon the worshipers. As Almighty said, “If the truth had been in accord with their desires, truly the heavens and the earth, and all beings therein would have been in confusion and corruption! Nay, We have sent them their admonition, but they turn away from their admonition.” (Surah 23, Verse 71) of 12 Imam Abu Ja'far al-Tabari, may Allah have mercy on his soul, said the following regarding those verses, “If Allah Almighty did what would satisfy those polytheists and ran things as they wished and as they wanted and departed from the truth that they hate, Heaven and Earth and what is on them would have been spoiled. This is because they do not know the consequences and the correct or the wrong arrangement of things. Thus, if things had run as they wished and based on their desires - keeping in mind that most of them prefer falsehood over truth - Heaven and Earth along with Allah's creatures that are on them would not be stable because this was established by the truth.” (Al-Tabari's interpretation 19/57) Therefore, everyone who has not leased out his brains and has not mummified his thoughts has the right to ask you clear question and demand an answer from you that would satisfy the soul and remove confusion: How have you distinguished between fighting the Huthi considering it legal, praised jihad and declared those who stand up facing them rewarded and between fighting against the forces of the Christians and their alliance in Iraq ruling against its banner declaring it confusing? Further, you thwarted rising up to fight against those infidels and you considered their going for jihad dispraised? Another similar issue: we still are hearing and reading that al-Qa'ida has not refrained from the blood of the (innocents) and has not hesitated to shed Muslims' blood; rather, the others whom you called civilians. This, by the way, is a lie that the enemy of al-Qa'ida made up. Some Muslims caught it and went on repeating it, whether out of ignorance, envy, or silliness, so that this meaning has sat in the hearts and became a fact that is not subjected to criticism or contradiction, is not subjected to response or rejection. Requesting proof for such became - as stating the obvious and as it is known and learned Œ the most difficult dilemma. Today, here is their only (monotheist) state committing the same (crime)! It kills innocents openly and pours on them burning, penetrating, melting lava; it destroy villages along with their people and do not care who is in them. The flesh of women, children, old people, and animals are mixed together, and we have yet to hear from those (the frank and the aggressive) critics neither whisper nor sound, but they still support their state and always give supplications for them explicitly and implicitly. If the crime that is attached to mujahidin and al-Qa'ida is really true Œ it is far from the truth Œ it would have been more appropriate for them to apologize to them of 12 It also has been more right for the tyrant Aal Saud to turn a blind eye, those Aal Saud who are playing with the religion, abusing it, and mocking it over their despised media. The reasons for this are many; they include the following: -- The enemy that attacks mujahidin on the battlefields can never be compared to the small fraction of the “trespassers” whom the rulers of Aal Saud try hard to block and push back, neither from the aspect of number nor from the aspect of technology, ammunition, or preparation. So, where are the crusader's coalition forces with their heavily equipped armies, its advanced mechanisms, and its trained soldiers in comparison with tribes that are surrounded by mountains and embraced by valleys and hills while they are a small fraction, “the trespassers,” as the media of Aal Saud themselves have chosen to call them. -- The small number of mujahidin and their humble capabilities in comparison with what the enemy has, as we mentioned. The weak one who is surrounded and certain of his death will defend himself with what he has. So, where is the aggression of a small fraction, “the trespassers,” against faraway parts of the State of Aal Saud in comparison with the aggression of the infidel, crusader forces against the homes of the Muslims, occupying them, and chasing the mujahidin in each village, city, valley, or home? Look at the aggressor and the aggressed against in each of both situations, then compare and judge fairly. -- The enemy whom the mujahidin fight is mixed within residents and mobile among them, establishing his military bases in the midst of their residents and residences, he moves over their roads and between them; however, the small fraction “the trespassers” they are Œ by this definition Œ “trespassers”; which is sufficient. This means that they have separated from their homes, left their home towns, separated from their families, wives, and children. So, what is the reason, then, to bomb the villages after the enemy is identified? -- Aal Saud is a state that has huge abilities, great capabilities, advanced weapons, accurate missiles, overstocked warehouses, and experts and experience. This means they ought to reach their targets with extreme carefulness and skilful accuracy without the need to the “scorched earth” policy Œ as they call it Œ especially, its targets and enemy Œ by their definition Œ distinguished “trespassers.” So, what motivates them Œ legally - to exceed all those reasons that it owns and intentionally bomb villages and residence to kill the public (the innocent.) As for the mujahidin, they do not own Apache not even gliding aircraft, they do not own smart or even stupid missiles, they do not own advanced or even primitive tanks, their enemy, whom they fight, is not a “trespassing” distinguished enemy, but he is mixed, lives in the cities not in the mountains. of 12 The strongest weapon that mujahidin have is martyrdom operations or explosive charges. So, if what they claim is true that they kill innocents, they would be Œ in comparison with the actions of Aal Saud's soldiers Œ excused. So, the only thing left for those who accuse mujahidin is to include in their criticism the government of Aal Saud and what it commits of crimes in killing (innocent civilians) and to be frank and aggressive, as we knew about them, in their braveness when they criticized mujahidin; so they ought to say, “We are together against the terror of al-Qa'ida and Aal Saud”; or, they legalize what mujahidin do Œ as they claimed against them Œ about killing innocents as they legalized what the government of Aal-Saud is committing, which is a known fact, not a fictitious claim. They planned humility from which they have no way out. Otherwise they ought to tell us the difference by which our minds are puzzled and did not understand so that we know that they believed us, which would reassure our hearts. In addition, we would realize why it is justified for the tyrant Aal Saud to kill whomever and however they want from “the innocent civilians” intentionally with no one to condemn them. Why one would deny them what the Shari'a allowed them! This, while the condemnation is high and the voices are raised covering newspapers if mujahidin (are accused) of killing one man in error even this man was a giant of the giants of America or a ghost of the ghosts of London. Allah Almighty said, “O ye who believe! Stand firmly for justice, as witnesses to God, even as against yourselves or your parents or your kin and whether it be (against) rich or poor: for God can best protect both. Follow not the lusts (of your hearts), lest ye swerve, and if ye distort (justice) or decline to do justice, verily God is well acquainted with all that ye do.” (Surah 4, Verse 135) We mujahidin are innocent of shedding the blood of a Muslim without justification, whether this Muslim was man or a woman, young or old, rational or insane, righteous or not, scholar or ignorant, just or unjust, Sunni or heretic, Arab or foreigner, Bedouin or civilized. That which accuses us otherwise, our appointment is with Allah and with Allah opponents will gather. The last of our supplications is that we Praise Allah, the Lord of the universe. This is written by he who asks for his God's forgiveness, Abu Yahya al-Libi 17 Muharram 1431 A.H. 