 (Draft of the speech about Iran and America, with Mahmud's comments) In the name of God, the most gracious the most merciful. My beloved Muslim nation, Peace be upon you, and mercy of God, and His blessings. This talk to you is about a very important issue that is vital for you, and your offspring, so hear me out. It is a talk about the war and its drums that are beating in the east and the west, about the third world war that the leader of the White House is threatening our region with, and he has specified Iran and its allies with it this time, and its effect will be over the whole region. Despite these dangerous threats, and what the outcome will be of the conclusion and extreme struggle between the two sides, so many people are still disagreeing about the truth of the matter, oblivious to what should be prepared for and done, which is the core of our subject. If it is important to research and investigate the events around the possibility of this war happening between the two sides, the serious effects that will hit the region are existent anyway, regardless of whether the war is going to happen or reconciliation is going to be between them. If the war happens, it has several possibilities that the rulers of the Gulf States are wishing for and going after, which is victory of their ally, even their god, America, and that has its implications and great dangers. It is the stumbling and failure of America, after the accumulation of its troubles and the collective factors of collapse, and the victory of Iran in the medium and long range as their feet are on the ground. They are a large regional power, which has effects and consequences that must be talked about. There is another possibility, which is reconciliation, also at our expense, and it has its effects and consequences,. To clarify the matter I say: Judging something is a branch of imagining it, as the truth of the matter is that the key to controlling the world is lying on the sand in the Gulf without protection by its owners, and the competition will remain ongoing between the international and the regional powers to control our area and to take our oil unjustly. America has placed its control over the Gulf states, including Iran, for more than half a century, as a replacement for England. About three decades earlier, Iran was liberated from that control when it toppled the Shah (the Gulf policeman in past), but Iran's rulers today do not want to inherit the Shah's post as the Gulf policeman only, but they want the whole Gulf to be under their direct and absolute control. They started with the south of Iraq, and some of its center, and got no opposition from the Gulf states, which encouraged them to go on, as Iran sees itself as holding rights in that matter because it is a Gulf and major regional country, and claims that its security requirements call for there being no American military bases on the other shore of the Gulf, and similar matters that their media, planners, and some politicians talk about, as what Lari Jani said recently, “The cause of conflict with America is that it refuses that Iran would have a leading regional role in the area." In that quest Iran clashes with America on one side and America's agents on the other, and that is why the Gulf rulers hurried to stand with America and stress on it the necessity of entering a preemptive war against Iran before it extends its influence on the rest of the Gulf nations. That was clear in the belated Annapolis Conference in which the minister of foreign affairs of the Zionist entity said clearly that the Arab countries are, for the first time, standing with America and Israel against Iran and its allies. What helped push them into that shameful standing, other than their treason to the religion, the nation, and the cause, is their fear of becoming extinct. Therefore, the Gulf rulers are interested in that war more than America is because for them it is a life-or-death war, so either they exist or they don't, and they can envision the outcome either way. If America refuses to direct strong military hits that would send Iran backwards for several decades, and if America enters the war and loses it in the intermediate or long term, the Iranian expansion will start imposing its control on the area. As the Gulf rulers know, Iran's leaders and their followers in the area will deal with them the same way they did with Saddam and will sacrifice them on the day of ‚Id in view of the whole world. Their excuse is that they were his allies in the first Gulf War on behalf of America against Iran. Didn't the rulers of Riyadh present proof that would indict them in front of Tehran when they admitted supporting Saddam with twenty-five billion dollars in that war? So that confession is written and kept in Iran, and they will use it in the way they see fit. Before I get into talking about the war and its great dangerous consequences, I want to make one thing clear, which is that, God knows, I am not biased to people over other people for ethnicity, blood, or nationality, and I thank God for the blessing of faith, as Salman the Persian and Bilal the Ethiopian are our masters and dignitaries, God be pleased with them, even if they are non-Arabs, and Ibn Salul al-Khazraji and Abu Lahab al-Hashimi are our enemies, even if they are Arabs and closer to us in blood. What counts is Islam and faith, and not country and relationship. God said “Verily the most honored of you in the sight of God is (he who is) the most righteous of you." We are not a people who say with our mouths what is not in our hearts, but our actions, with the grace of God, speak for that, as we have denounced the Arab rulers Qahtan and ‚Adnan, and we work on toppling them while they are of our clan. At the same time we swore allegiance to Mullah Muhammad ‚Umar, the emir of the faithful in Afghanistan, and he is as you know, and our souls and heart are accepting of him, as the prophet (PBUH) said, ”Listen and obey, even if your ruler is an Ethiopian slave who leads you with the book of God. (It may be suitable here to use this opportunity to express our principle on that, and our honest fashion, and to stress that, in anticipation for what evil may happen, (from Jalil's people's side, we ask God for safety) like we say:... And we are on the oath for him, God willing, in religion and faith, as long as he remains on the oath for God and his prophet, and we ask God to give him and his brothers steadfastness until we meet God while he is pleased with us, without change or sway.) And he (PBUH) said, in warning of ethnicity and nationalism, “Abandon it, as it is rotten,” and any who has faith in their heart rejects the rot of un-Islamic call if it is called nationalistic, ethnic, or any other name. And I stress that I am not racist or attached to anything other than God's book and the Sunna of his messenger, the way his companions and their followers did over the centuries. Here I direct one bit of advice to the Sunnis and another to the Shi'a, which is that God knows I try to deliver the truth to all the people so that they know it and hold on to it, so that we all enter paradise, God willing, and with His grace and mercy. My dear Islamic nation, how much do we resemble the deceptive years that the prophet (PBUH) told us about when he said, "There will be times....." Many of the Sunnis do not know that they are deceived in their religion at the hands of the rulers and the hypocrite scholars, so review your religion and faith, oh you slaves of God. I have written a statement on the matter that I titled the statement of faith, so read it if you want (the reference to the statement of faith should be reviewed as the statement is not published yet). Then I say that the Muslim is the one who surrenders to God in all his affairs, so if he surrenders to God in part of his affairs and willingly to the ruler in the other part on issues that God defined a like interest, or authoring constitutions that oppose the rule of God, or supporting infidels over Muslims, then he has committed infidelity by combining obedience to God and to a tyrant, and that is apostasy that takes him out of the religion. So our stance must emanate from the true Islam, and that the tightest knot of faith is to love in God and to hate in God. The doctrine that all the Sunni governments are following has nothing to do with Islam, as they rule with their whims, not with God's rule. That is apostasy that removes a person from Islam. They are defrauding people and deceiving them, so they must be denounced and made an enemy. Also, the leadership of the Shi'a sect in Iran, even if they pretend some truth of Islam that they show to people, except that the true final word on the ground is not to God but to these leaders in allowing and prohibiting, and that part they show is only deception to the people. Accordingly, they have to be denounced and declared as enemies. (Maybe we should say "denounced" only, as the word "enemy" from a political leadership may make them think we are declaring war against them.) (It is also appropriate here to mention some detail about the rejectionist Shi'a, like saying that they are in a wrong religion, based on deifying their imams to the extent of worshiping them, and on a rotten sectarian and ethnic trend, and on denouncing the prophet (PBUH). The evidence is on those and those, but I find it sufficient to mention their support to America against the Muslims in Afghanistan.) So the big deceit to many of the Muslim Sunnis is that they think that they are on the religion of God while in truth they are on the religion of the king, regardless of whether they are excused or not, as that is an issue that contains jurisprudence detail. The big deceit for the Shi'a is that they think they are in God's religion, while they are in the religion of the men of their authority. They legislate for them, allowing and prohibiting without God, and they follow, and God has warned us of the Jews and Christians who followed their scholars in allowing and prohibiting, so they were apostates as God described them in his book, “They take their priests and their anchorites to be their lords in derogation of God,....), and he said in warning of obeying the scholars without knowledge, “And they would say: "Our Lord! We obeyed our chiefs and our great ones...” Now I come back to talk about the consequences of war, so I say: If the war happens, then it has several possibilities. Of the most that the Gulf rulers wish for and work on is the defeat of Iran, and the victory of the Zio-crusader alliance, which, if it happens, will have serious dangers. This means, in short, the submission of the area, and its falling behind and absolute following of the polices of the obscene infidel alliance in all axes, which means westernizing the region, and changing the face of the Arab Peninsula and enslaving it with what suits the Zionist American arrogance. For anyone who wants to know how the Peninsula will look, all you have to do is look at our people in Gaza and the West Bank. Under the same alliance, they kill the men, women, and children; destroy homes; and scrape farms and steal the fortunes of the farm land. They divided the West Bank with hundreds of barricades to humiliate and oppress the people, and put one-and-a-half million of our brothers in big Gaza prisons to die with their siege of disease and poverty due to malnourishment. And when the Jews want, they cut off the electricity and water; and when they like, they close the crossings and other catastrophes. The world headed by the Arab and Muslim rulers turns a blind eye to that great humanitarian catastrophe. The second probability is that Iran wins in the medium or long range, and that has its dangerous effects and consequence also, as Iran does not represent the religion of God, the real Islam, and will not provide to humanity the message of God as God inspired to his messenger Muhammad, the last of the prophets (PBUH). With Iran the religion will not be only for God. My Muslim brothers everywhere, I talk to you the talk of the scholar who is an expert of the doctrine of Arab and Persian rejectionists, as it has no connection to Islam. All destruction, terror, and corruption that happened because of Saddam Hussein and his tyranny is nothing compared to the horrors that await the area and its sons because of the oppression, tyranny, and corruption of the faith of the rejectionist Arab and Persians. The difference between the two is like the difference between the river and the sea, and the people will see the crimes of Saddam and his party as a tame sheep in front of the wolves of the rejectionists. Whoever reads the history of the past and modern days, and the many times they betrayed the Sunnis, knows that my words came short of describing their danger, as the history of Muslims is full of their cunning, betrayal, and treason, and their support for the Tatars and the crusaders and all Muslim enemies, against Muslims, even though they were mostly weak. While today when they have a government in Iran and a government in Iraq, and they prepare to have a government in al-Sham, so say what you want, and it is enough for a reasonable person to look at what is happening to the Sunnis every day in Iraq at their hands of kidnapping, torture, killing, bloodshed, and violations and mosques and holy books. If you read in their doctrine, these barbaric acts would not surprise you, as they call the majority of the companions apostates and accuse ‚Ayesha of what God cleared her of in his Qur'an, which is infidelity to the Qur'an. And they see that killing Sunnis is of the best of deeds. Maybe the world has never seen any sect that is more lying than the rejectionists. My dear nation: The situation is dangerous, and the problem is great. It is not a dream or an apparition, but it is a reality that shakes the ground every day under the feet of Sunnis in Baghdad and its surroundings with killing and bloodshed. we complain to God, he is our protector and he is the best supporter, and there is no difference between ‚Ali al-Sistani and ‚Abd-al-‚Aziz al-Hakim, Nuri al-Maliki, and Muqtada al-Sadr, whose soldiers burned Sunni women and children in Iraq in a public street in front of the crowds, and between Hassan Nasrallah in Lebanon or Hassan al-Safar in the eastern region of the land of the Two Holies, as they all think that killing Sunnis and burning them will get them closer to God. The difference is only in the stages that each group has reached, of declaring, shutting up, or acting. They will all reach the final outcome if left without jihad. But if their brothers are suppressed and defeated in Iraq, then their brothers will be subdued in the other countries, and he who turns a blind eye to the rejectionists in their country is like the person turning a blind eye to snakes and scorpions in his room. And if it were not for the grace of God and the effort of the mujahidin, these atrocities would have spread to the countries neighboring Iraq, and by the grace of God, we were one of the first to combat their expansionism, even though, with the grace of God, we are the most merciful and fair to them. The stance of your mujahidin brothers is clear, praise God, and many who claim knowledge of jurisprudence were criticizing our stance when we were fighting the rejectionists who are the proxy army for Iran. They were writing statements to forbid us from fighting them, and I was warning all the time: Oh, people of Islam, aid your brothers in Iraq, as it is the front line of defense and the strong dam in the face of the nations enemies. The emir imam Abu Mus'ab al-Zarqawi, God have mercy on his soul, had the longest hand in scandalizing and striking at their plans at the time when the talk people and the sitters claimed that the mujahidin were illegitimate while, with the grace of God, it was proven to all that the mujahidin were the men of the field and the legitimacy of reality, and that they are who the nation depends on after God in solving the catastrophe. They are the preparation for war. And you may ask about the solution for that strong problem, and I say you must strike out, depending on the infidels to defend the region, as the politicians of the region's rulers see and which is a clear confession by them that the countries of the region are under their control and influence, as America is the one that dictates its policy on the region in the way that fulfils its different interests. Accordingly, it is the one who defends it, and those politicians in the area are only agents. And the solution is to stop our work even for one day, (no need of that) and think of what is around us and repent to God, then conduct the first duty on us, which is to believe in God only and be honest in working for him, Almighty. (Then work with his laws and adhere to the sunnah of his messenger (PBUH) as much as we can) then conduct jihad in the path of God by amassing the armies from the Sunnis of the Islamic world in general and the Arab countries, specifically the neighboring countries and Yemen. It is clearly important to bolster the Sunnis inside Iran and the neighboring countries like Afghanistan and Turkey, and it is necessary to warn people and educate them about the falsehood, lies, and corruption of the rejectionist doctrine. Some rejectionist imams in Kuwait, Iraq, and Iran saw the truth, so supporting them is a must so that they can explain that corrupt sect. And the force forming on the ground of reality is not in the rulers and their armies, as at best, they proved their failure and inability to retake Palestine. On the contrary, the participation by many of them was proven in the selling of Palestine to the Jews. Then came the recent invasion of Iraq to expose the conspiracy with America by providing support to their forces in the land, sea, and air because neither the rulers, their armies, nor the corrupt scholars in their orbit praising them, nor the groups that have Islamic names, while sitting under apostate parliaments for tens of years are the solution. As God said, “Already has He sent you Word in the Book, that when ye hear the signs of God held in defiance and ridicule, ye are not to sit with them unless they turn to a different theme: If ye did, ye would be like them. For God will collect the hypocrites and those who defy faith - all in Hell." But the real force of the nation and true power that can be depended on after God is its sons the mujahidin, and here they are in Afghanistan after they failed, with the grace of God, the Russian Bear plans to reach the warm waters of the Gulf and take away the oil of the region. And here are they confronting the imperial American crusader tide, and fending its evil off the nation, while some who claim knowledge of the allies of the Gulf rulers brag shamelessly, after fear left their head, that they were against the mujahidin going to Afghanistan, those who had the main role in the Jaji battle that differentiated between the faithful and the infidels, as God said, “But when the fear is past, they will smite you with sharp tongues." Nation of Islam, here are your mujahidin sons in Iraq. By the grace of God, they foiled and disrupted the American plans after the politicians, thinkers, and writers of America talked a lot about spreading democracy in the region and expanding the American invasion, talking about the great Middle East. So drop all the big theories and the people of speech and distractions. In the name of God, the most gracious the most merciful of reality, moderation, positive, and the like, (and know the people of good knowledge, good deeds, and faithfulness and advice for God and Muslims...) 