 In the name of Allah, the merciful the compassionate Dear Father– peace upon you. I hope you and Mother and my aunts and Khalid and Miriam and Samiyah and Safiyah and all are in good health. Hope that Mother arrived safely and did not suffer during the trip, especially from cold. Thanks to Allah we are all doing well, as we are as careful as can be and with Allah's permission we are taking all the necessary security precautions. This is our duty and the Lord will protect us. Dear Father, I have a strong urge to meet with you and as time goes my desire to see you grows. I showed you some of how I feel in the last letter and I wish to sit with you and see how you feel about things, beginning with my individual needs and ending with general things, Islamic and international. So if circumstances allow, I would like to come to you and spend some time with you, then I will come back to serve the religion. This is my strong desire. If I cannot come, I wish to receive some training, as I desire to join the brothers in serving in Afghanistan to fight the enemies of Allah. This is my desire and I await your orders. I have a desire to serve with the brothers, either here or in any other place, and I'd like to stay under cover and be like any other Jihadist and be treated like any other. Please send the brothers over here a request on my behalf. Because bless them they are very careful, which keeps me from doing anything. I do not want to work without planning or security, and I do not want to stay without work. I hope that Mother clarified to you my desires because I cannot explain everything by letter. As for the entrusted things at Dawud's, bless his soul, they arrived two days after Mother left. Shaykh Mahmud told me that you were asking about that, so here is a list of what I received: . My brother Sa'ad's notebook, bless his soul, and in it there were two requests, one for you and another for his wife. It has a poem that he authored in the beginning and the rest of it was blank. 2. Dawud's notebook, bless his soul, and it contains four requests; some for his family in the Hejaz and others for his sons over here. It also has his will and some phone numbers. 3. The third notebook I think belongs to aunt Um Khalid bless her, it has religious studies dated 2000 and it also contains a poem that looks like she might have authored it for Khadijah's wedding, bless her soul. . The fourth notebook I think belonged to my sister Khadijah, bless her soul, because I found birthday dates in her handwriting as she wrote mother– me– Khalid– Miriam– Samiyah– 'Abdallah– and the like. 5. A laptop with a special case, with external speakers and a small computer battery. 6. Another briefcase that has other things. 7. Inside the briefcase there are two medium boxes, an empty cream jar with the word Inheritance written on it. The gold, and inside it is my sister Khadijah's gold, bless her soul. The jars are sealed with medical tape and I did not open them. 8. Two MP4 devices, one for 'Abdallah and the other for Usama. 9. Two golden boxes with writing by Dawud, bless his soul, saying "For my daughters 'A'ishah and Suham". 10. A small wallet that has Dawud's ring and some phone numbers. 11. A small briefcase that contains another small briefcase, both are empty. 2. A bag that has a gift for 'Abdallah and another for Usama, and Dawud's hat, written on it "Gift for 'Abdallah and perfume". 13. Another bag that says "Gift for 'A'ishah and Suham and their mother Miriam". 14. A third bag that says "Gift for Um Hamzah" that contains a present for her and her grandchildren. These things got to me. Shaykh Mahmud al-Musaddas took some things from them, thinking that they were common property, before he realized that they were private. He had taken one box that belongs to you with some money for Sa'ad, bless his soul, and two camera tapes with the writing pictures of Sa'ad alive (at the shop with the brothers making materials) and after his death. I asked him for copies of both tapes, because he said that they need to be placed in al-Sahab archives. In conclusion, I ask the Lord to protect you. Say hello to Mother and to my aunts and to my sisters and to Khalid and all who are by you. Um Ma'adh sends her regards, and my son Usamah says hello to you and his grandmother, and I ask the Lord that we get together soon. Your son, Abu Ma'adh, Friday 8 Jan 2011 In the name of Allah, the merciful the compassionate Dear Mother, how are you? I miss you and you left a vacuum when you left us. I hope that your trip was not bad and the cold did not bother you and I hope that you enjoyed seeing our precious father. We are doing well and if you have a chance to write me tell me what can I take and what is too dangerous to take; you know how important books are to me. Can I take them or not? Mother, do not worry about us and do not forget to pray for us. I wrote to father about what I need in Waziristan, and maybe you can explain to him. Based on our talks you can explain to him what I need to do. I am now writing while everybody went to bed, as Um Ma'adh and Usamah and Khayriyah are all asleep. Um Ma'adh sends her regards and we bought an MP3 for Sa'd. Say hello to everybody. How are you, we miss you, it's empty around here without you. The Pashtuns ask about you a lot and 'Imad's wife was mad that she did not see you. Please write back and bless you. Tell Miriam and Samiyah that I miss them a lot. Your daughter, Um Ma'adh. 