 - Give the tribes more than they can handle– Waziristan is more than what the tribes can handle. We are not talking about a war on the ground– Our brothers in Waziristan are exhausted. They literally said that the air strikes have exhausted them. We must stress this fact even if we had an army numbered in the millions. The enemy has somewhat received international approval to strike anyone who opposes it, in the name of al-Qa'ida. There might come a time when penetrating the airspace will be prohibited–––.The air is hot and tense and the enemy's reputation is deteriorating. The last thing they worry about is their indiscriminate strikes. - The word is that the president is leaning toward the politics of the West. This is true. However, the buzz should be focused on the fact that we want to fight those who besiege our people in Gaza. Leave us alone and get out of our land. - The president is bent on the truce. It is in our interest that the truce takes place, even if it was unilateral. Direct self-defense, in addition to announcing and circulating that we don't want the army and the troops. Rather, our target is America, taking into consideration that it is more preferable, in my opinion, not to strike America inside Yemen because then we'll have America to worry about, in addition to the government – pressure on the brothers– changing the president. - Continuous threats and media appearances make the situation more explosive. In my opinion, we should lay low and take our precautions. - We would like for you to give us an account of how many brothers are committed and how many of them hold the jihadi ideology. When we talk about Arab societies nowadays, the majority of them are ruled by modern nations. They no longer look like the Muslim nations of the past, when the goal of a Muslim nation was to implement the laws of the Shari'ah, maintain internal security, and prevent foreign attacks, and when people lived and provided themselves with means of subsistence in a secure environment. A modern nation, however, holds its prisoners and puts in their mind the idea that the government is responsible for creating jobs for the people, etc. This difference is a substantial one. It is not right to use power to control nations. Power and military force undoubtedly go hand in hand. Meanwhile, our people have no means of subsistence. Afghanistan is an exception. So is Somalia. In Afghanistan the emirate spends less than 12 million dollars per year. Thus, it is impossible for 25 million people to live on 12 million dollars per year, which means less than half of a dollar per year for each person. The Afghani people take care of themselves by themselves. They do not burden the government with enormous responsibilities. In contrast, the people in the Arab nations burden the government with the responsibility of providing them with jobs and means of subsistence. When they killed al-Sadat, the al-Gama al-Islamiyya in Egypt had had a plan to control Egypt and declare it an Islamic country. The plan had been that group members in each area would take over the local government buildings, including the media buildings of all types. Had this plan worked, that nation would have lasted only weeks. This is because at that time Egypt's population was 60 million and the people needed 150 million loafs of breads daily. That's just bread. The Muslim nation would come under a global embargo while the Egyptian government would agree to become dependent on the world's wheat exporters, particularly America. Thus, the government would reshuffle the Egyptian farmers' agriculture priorities. Wheat would no longer be a priority and the country's silos would barely have enough flour to last only two weeks. Therefore, within days, the Muslim nation would be faced with a massive popular revolution, regardless of whether the people wanted rule by Islamic law or not. The people would not be able to bear more than they could handle. Lack of nutrition would mean their demise and the demise of their children before their eyes. There are guidelines for the preparation to take control in Egypt. One of the important guidelines is to have taken hold of Sudan, first and foremost, and planted enough food to cover the entire country of Egypt. The two week's worth of flour that's in the country's silos would feed the people until we could transport the nourishment that the people need, from Sudan to Egypt. - In one of your previous letters, you mentioned that if you want to take over Sanaa one of these days, this is the day. You know very well that we want to establish the religion in Sanaa and in the rest of the Muslim countries, by thwarting the enemy and establishing and maintaining a nation. To make things clearer: If one of these days you want to take over Sanaa, Riyadh, Cairo, Amman, and the rest of the Gulf and Levantine countries, this is the day. We must erase from our minds the regional divisions. It's true there are the Sykes-Picot borders that are visible through the divisions on the area map and recognized by the rulers. However, all of these borders will be erased when an Islamic nation is established. The global and local infidels will band together to strike the Islamic nation, which will look as if it is inside their border, trying to eliminate the enemy and the threat. For example: If people in al-Bayda', al-Suwadiyah, Lawdar, or Shaqra', who sympathize with the mujahidin, take over the government buildings, do you think it will work? And if they establish an emirate in these areas, how long will this emirate last? Wise people know without a doubt that it wouldn't last long. The government's capabilities are powerful enough to break this apart by enforcing an embargo, which will lead to famine. In addition, there will be negotiations with the tribes' Shaykhs to wage war against us and kick us out. Therefore, it is not feasible at the present time to establish a Muslim nation in the heart of the Islamic world. Today, Sanaa is like al-Bayda'. All of the Gulf countries, in addition to Jordan and Egypt, will pounce on it and surround it and then they will negotiate with the tribes. I would like to bring your attention to an important point. America and the Gulf nations endeavored to change the regime of 'Ali 'Abdallah Salih, which proves that they regard this agent as incompetent. They are well aware of the extent of the massive administrative and financial corruption. They know that these circumstances provided all the trends a fertile ground to grow and spread their ideologies. One of the most significant and most powerful trends is the Islamic trend and all the sects it encompasses, including the Brotherhood, the Sururis, the Salafists, and the Jihadi Salafists. In other words: This regime, if it stays in power, would be significantly less bad than if 'Ali Salim al-Bayd assumed power, because the latter has a history of killing Islamists. If he assumes power, he will bear down on the Islamist movement and all its sects, beginning with the jihadi ideology. To say that ousting the apostate government and keeping the country in a state of chaos is better than allowing the survival of this apostate government is not right. We cannot spread our Da'wah while there is chaos. A country with no ruler to impose law and order among the people will force the people to act more barbarously, taking matters into their hands to protect blood and honor. Moreover, you know very well that the nations in the region will unquestionably not leave the country without a ruler. They will support the anti-Islam Southern Hirak Socialist Party. Therefore, we do not want to promote a situation that will encourage the emergence of a power which our enemy has been waiting for, for more than a decade and a half, and which our enemy had attempted to bring to power in the past. It would be a catastrophe if the Socialists alone came to power. It would be a much bigger catastrophe if they had the support of all the Gulf countries––. as well as America. America's dissatisfaction with 'Ali 'Abdallah Salih is more than three decades old, and this is one point you are ignorant to sometimes. In short, the situation in Yemen is like a big rock containing gemstones and precious minerals. As the rock rolls down from the top of the mountain, it will roll over anyone who tries to contain and possess it before reaching the bottom of the valley. The opportunity for this is now. The people are rushing toward a government that is supported by the nations in the region. If the people recognize the face of Salim al-Bayd, the regimes in the area will not hesitate to introduce another face from Hadramawt that has no history of shedding the blood of the Yemeni people and one that the people will support. In conclusion, our great gain comes from the presence of the Southern Hirak and 'Ali 'Abdallah Salih. Meanwhile, we will spread our important ideologies that influence the people, bring awareness to them, and teach them the importance of the phrase “there is no god but Allah”. We will alert the people about the pro-rulers Islamic groups whose ideologies conflict with the religious and secular laws. A very important book is the book “Niqat al-Irtikaz” by Abu Ahmad 'Abd-al-Rahman al-Masri. “We have exhausted the enemy in battles in Iraq and Afghanistan. If we enter into a new, premature battle, the enemy may exhaust us on a vast scope rather than us exhausting him.” With regard to escalating, we must slow down the military operations. We must carry on with our awareness efforts, that we support the effort to get rid of the administrative and financial corruption. We must proclaim that the people have the right to demand their rights. We must contribute with the people by criticizing the government. We must demonstrate that 'Ali 'Abdallah Salih is an agent who gets paid by Saudi Arabia. He was almost abandoned by America and Saudi Arabia because they don't fully trust him as an agent. He is an unwanted agent and our enemy is gradually seeking to oust him. If we endeavor to get rid of him, we will be opening a way for a worse agent who will bear down on the Islamic Jihadi Movement. Therefore, our statements must be compatible with the people's statements. We must not carry out any operations except to defend ourselves. We must proclaim that we care about the stability of Yemen and want to put an end to the oppression against the Ummah in general, against our people in Palestine, and against Muslims in Yemen. With regard to the truce, they will contact the scholars and the Shaykhs and propose the matter to them. They will embarrass the president, who gets easily embarrassed. He always reiterates to the Huthis his words, I want peace and they want war. They will tell him, they are our people and making peace with them comes first. They don't want peace. He will say to them, we will go to them and convince them. The brothers, before the people and the tribal Shaykhs, will say that the escalation is not in the interest of the country, which is faced by tremendous pressure, the most of significant of which is the Huthi war. We will discuss the matter with the general command. In short, the plan has three phases: Exhaust the larger enemy whose purpose is to overthrow the states and the movements i.e. the movement in Syria and the emirate in Afghanistan. We must not allow the enemy to get the Ummah involved in unnecessary misfortunes and calamities that the Ummah cannot handle. Therefore, whoever comprehends the issue should teach it to others. God willing, the majority will know and stick to the truth. Our goal is to walk straight. We must not skip or jump over the phases. After exhausting the larger enemy, we will direct our attention to the local enemy. We will exhaust the local enemy until it's completely worn out. Afterward, we come to establish the State, God willing. 