 In the Name of God, Praise be to Him, and Prayers and Peace upon His Prophet His Eminence Shaykh Mahmud, God preserve and watch over him Peace be with you, and God's mercy and blessings. These are the views we have reached on the issue of the "official Urdu-language spokesman for al-Qa'ida Organization in the Pakistani media." I went to Pakistan about a month ago and had meetings with several men who supported and preached jihad, and with members of the media and political analysts who supported jihad. They emphasized that it was important to select an official Urdu-speaking spokesman for al-Qa'ida who should be in constant contact with the Pakistani media and clearly state al-Qa'ida's position on significant events in Pakistan, especially military operations that target the Pakistani regime and have a direct impactŠpositive or negativeŠon the organization. For that reason we contacted several journalists whom we know and trust, and the following three are ready to have open contact with an official spokesman for al-Qa'ida via phone or fax and send out news and information that they receive from al-Qa'ida: -- A well-known journalist with the Urdu-language "Jang" newspaper, the largest in Pakistan, was contacted by Dr. Maqbul. -- A correspondent for the (non-government) "ARY" News television channel, one of the most popular stations in Pakistan after the "Geo News" channelŠI myself met with him. -- A well-known (Pakistani) journalist with the US "Associated Press" news agencyŠI met with him. Dr. Maqbul's view, which I support, is that it would be best to use all three of the above and start a form of competition and rivalry between them to see who can get the latest news or footage from al-Qa'ida. We can contact them from Waziristan either by phone or fax. I have the phone number of one of them right now, and God willing, we can ask for the rest of their phone and fax numbers from inside Pakistan if we need to. All the above journalists were adamant that the official spokesman must not delay a statement about al-Qa'ida's position on any military operation that al-Qa'ida wants to claim responsibility for or deny its involvement in. They insisted that he must issue any comment on such events the same day of the operation; otherwise, the media will attach no importance to it if it comes out after that. So, we have these workable options: 1. If you assigned us to do this task, we would need to be in constant contact with you so we can get the facts as soon as possible on anything that happens in Pakistan. (We can agree on some "Wana" phone numbers that you can call us on and let us know the facts on something.) After that, we can issue an official address in the name of al-Qa'ida. We could contact the journalists by fax, and the official spokesman, in that case. We could also issue this official statement through a phone call from Wana, once we get the facts from you. 2. The other option would be for us to give you the phone or fax number beforehand, and you select someone with youŠor least living in the north, so you can easily contact himŠwho speaks good Urdu. He could act as the official spokesman either directly by phone, or via fax, and remain behind the scenes. ---------------------------------------------------------------- One or more men needed to give rousing and motivational speeches in Urdu at al-Sihab Establishment We feel there is a significant gap in terms of the call to jihad that needs filling in Pakistan, especially for Urdu. The call to jihad has been reaching Pakistan only through a few books or booklets that were translated from Arabic into Urdu, or written originally in Urdu. However, they do not cover even the basic issues of jihad, like al-wala' wa al-bara', rule/judgment based on (laws) not revealed by God, and others. Most of these books were written either in the context of the Afghan jihad against the Russians or fighting the Hindus in Kashmir (under the support of Pakistani intelligence). We are starting to work on closing this gap, with help and strength from God, by translating books from Arabic to Urdu and publishing "Hittin," an Urdu-language magazine concerned with global jihad, and we will maintain these efforts as much as we possibly can, God willing. As for the electronic media, there are no audio or video materials of that kind at all. For some time, we have felt that the ones involved in preaching and motivation in Urdu need audio- and video-recorded speeches using the name of al-Sihab Establishment, and since the increase in military operations in Pakistan, our supporters there have begun more insistently asking us for the same thing. So with that in mind, we wanted to remind you of this issue. Please realize how important this issue is, give it due thought, and quickly select the best person or persons for this critical role. May God reward you, and make us both successful in that which pleases Him! Amen. Do not forget us in your prayers. Your brother in God, Ahmad 