In the Name of Allah, the Merciful, the Compassionate. Praise is to Allah, and peace and prayers be upon our Prophet Muhammad, his family and his companions. Honorable brother I hope my letter will reach you while you and your companions are well and in good health. Eight years and months have passed from accompanying Ahmed and his brother. His brother accepted this matter a short time before the arrest of Hafith. The length of the companionship period, and the security pressure, have affected his heath and his nerves, and his condition reflected on Ahmad, who is now suffering from a dangerous disease that hit him few weeks back, and his illness is the reason we did not communicate with you. Until now, he did not pass the dangerous stage according to the doctors; his health condition is dangerous and may regress at any time. Even if he comes out of this dangerous stage, safe, God willing, it is a must that we find new companions to replace them because, for a long time, they were asking us to be released. You may remember when we asked the brothers to send a brother to accompany us, and he came to you, but you had some security reservations about him and then he left, and we are still following up on the matter with the brothers and the last communication with them, we did not find the suitable security choice there. What is your opinion? Do you know any Pakistanis that you have complete confidence in, and who are able to endure the burden of accompanying us, keeping in mind that in our situation, the companions only task is to provide security cover, and for the people to see there are people from the area in the house, and also to bring the purchases from the market, keeping in mind that we are in two separate houses, even in the yard of the house. We bake our own bread and the milk is delivered to the house, but the chicken and the eggs are produced in the house, but the grains we buy wholesale; only the vegetable and the fruits are purchased repeatedly. Our medical need is limited. We depend on the prevention method better than medicine. We now know the medication prescribed for cold and the like, we buy them and keep them at home to use when they are needed. They do not go to the doctor except to the dentist or for broken bones. And also for the adults, we buy the medications for most of the diseases so they do not have to go to the doctor, maybe one person will go to the doctor a year. If the qualities required are available in the brothers of your confidential acquaintance, and if they are employed to accompany us, they should know that they will receive their salaries plus its equal, and we will help them with the security cover in the location we will be in. We prefer if it is possible to have companions. We also prefer that both to be brothers. If this is not possible, it is okay to have only one. Khalid knows 70% of the Pashto language, and now he is learning Urdu, and that may allow him to leave if it was necessary. Before closing: I say that the latest time we can stay with our present companion brothers is the Tenth Anniversary of the attack on New York and Washington, after a few months from now; or at the end of this year, 2011. We may make it easier for them by lowering our number during this year. I wish you would inform me about your personal abilities in case we decide to lower the number until the end of this year. Communications Idea And in closing: Signed: Your brother, Abu Abd Allah. 