 In the name of God the merciful, the compassionate, Praise be to God, Lord of the universe. Greetings. This Iraq issue, which ((Mahmud)), Shaykh ((Abbi-Yahya)), and Bashir ((Madani)) are consulting on, A message came from the Ministry of Legal Authorities of the Islamic State of Iraq in which they complain of al-Ansar. You will review this message with this small bit. But at the same time or a little later, we received news of unconfirmed reliability of the death of Shaykhs Baghdadi and al-Muhajir, may God keep them safe if they are alive and accept them if they are martyrs. Based on this news, the issue was proposed differently than before. It was agreed that if the brothers were killed and their death was confirmed, we prepare a statement in which we announce their death and offer condolences to Muslims among them. We send a special message to in the State that they are forming a temporary administration to handle issues until they receive orders of the appointment of a new amir, after advice with us and the command here, may God protect it. We ask them to report on the brothers qualified for the command. Even if we associate with them, al-Ansar, it is an opportunity for unity and to set aside division. The issue of the emirate and sovereignty there is determined here with regards to the relationship with the command here. If the life of the shaykhs is confirmed, we carry out a media campaign to bring al-Ansar together, beginning with some statements on the Internet droning about it in many lines, then the media foundations and centers, then the shaykhs until al-Ansad unifies with the brothers in the State. The messages from the command begin here, and also some of the shaykhs, to urge them to unity and alliance by means of advice, not command. If enough time goes by and they have not answered, it will be published in the media until they no longer have any pretext or refuge other than unity, and to distinguish the truth from mere fancy. We will ask for a field report about Iraq from the State and also from al-Ansar so that advice as much possible, may God keep them safe. 