 In the name of Allah, the merciful the compassionate 1- There are prominent minds in every society, and these people are responsible to move their societies ahead, and the youth between 15 and 25 years of age cannot live without means outside the needs of human life. 2- The nation needs a revolution to avoid the coming crises, paying attention to the necessity of benefitting from the experiences of past failure and success (The Arab League, the private and public sector) (some details in copies of the Flood Reports and the letters of Shaykh Bashir al-Madani). 3- The indication is that time is short to avoid the coming crises that are the result of the impairment of the people's minds for centuries past. 4- The importance of supporting a softening style, due to the huge defect in the Islamic leadership, and publishing the issue is not suitable these days. It should be recorded and published at a suitable time, keeping in mind the importance of attachments in the presentation, to demonstrate the preservation of the public interest and not to insult the people (Vindication System) (Constructive criticism). - The activities are very large and in need of analysis and study, and record the points. (sycophantic) 9 April 2011. 6- The importance of studying the suitable point to release the report; to direct the people to protect the revolutions, and how to raise their understanding to avoid a repeat of the rulers' injustice. 7- Direct the people to support the truthful ones, who did not go along to benefit from the leaders they previously supported, and to be aware that they do not reach the leadership due to being dangerous and easy to bend under pressure, in any difficult situation. That will waste the efforts of the revolution. Also warn from those who will settle for half. 8- No revenge, the principle of the revolutions is not to take revenge, and whoever returns to the path, must be accepted (these points 6, 7, and 8 were recorded on 11 April 2011.) 9- The importance of publishing a report encouraging the truthful to establish an Advisory Council, and to give the responsibility of these activities. 10- To publish our idea in this period to become a pressure factor on the West, as if we are telling the nation that the times are suitable to correct its path, and to spread the right understanding of its religion, to be free of the tyrants and to avoid a repeat of what they did to it. 13 April 2011. (This last idea may be suitable to add at the time of instigating for the revolution, to protect the efforts of the millions.) 11- Encourage the truthful to spend all their efforts in attacking the infidelity of the rulers and their injustice, and to enlighten the people of the nation. 12- The importance of sending a written report. (Important) 13- To remind them in one way or another that the successful revolutions do not take revenge, and the crux of the reference is (Go, you are free). 14- To condemn the crimes of al-Qadhafi, and the positions of other rulers toward him, and also 'Ali 'Abdallah Salih–. And the Gulf countries before and after the revolution. 15- Remedy the issue of oppression, by removing those who faced it, and enlighten those who felt its winds. 16- Put the obligation and the responsibility on the Shura Council. 20- The rulers gave up the countries when they were taking their last breath; Egypt and Yemen in the last spark of life. 21- What happened in these revolutions was changing those who refused to perform their obligations as they were supposed to, and they flattered the rulers, so they were replaced with their (sons) new generation. 28 April 2011. - Read Book of Faith Œ Muhammad Qutb. - The values of the nation and what it was when it was committed to its God's rules). A nation of one and a half billion, a nation, alone among all nations with its own system given to it by the creator of the skies and the earth, guiding to both the good and the bad of life, kept as it was sent to his Messenger Muhammad (PBUH). A nation representing the largest number of people and land space, besides the oil reserves, and the most geographical and strategic location. A nation God that said of it (You were the best nation created for the people), when we were committed to our God's rules, living for centuries without leadership. That led to its partition and then the interference in its affairs and imposition of decisions on every one of its regions, and treating it as it was rubbish. Ideas before creating this file: - Disagreement is evil of all. - Act on preparing the atmosphere and warm it up in the land of the two mosques (Saudi Arabia) in preparation for the revolution. - Direct the revolutions and the methods of protecting them. - The youth must explain that the leaders are too old and we need youthful leaders, 40 years old. - The decayed faith, do we still need to talk about it? Maybe some future revolutions will not succeed except with sacrifices. Does the situation still need to ask the leaders to disappear so they would not be killed as it has happened in Algeria. - Do you remember the experience of Algeria, Egypt and Yemen? - The danger of a vindication system and the importance of the constructive criticism (review some details in the memo). - It is important to avoid starting any new fronts, concentrating on the direct agent of America. - Everyone must forget their differences and concentrate on removing the biggest enemy. - Radical change, and be careful from meeting halfway. - We send to the brothers the general policy in this stage, the overthrow of regimes affiliated to America, everyone acts on that, and we spread the knowledge and the right understanding of Islam. - To insure that the Yemeni Constitution will be Islamic, which it is now but the President is not committed to it. - Spread the word that we are against the separation. - Avoid the side fronts, right and left, and avoid arguing with those who claim that, with mentioning what is necessary to awaken the people. - We must ask the analysts and the educators, in the countries where the revolutions have happened and outside of them, to study the experience of the revolutions in detail, and to point out how to benefit from them and to copy them. - To reveal the reality of the army. - Our role in the land of two mosques. - The leadership must secured and away from the ruler's grasp. - There must be reserve leaders, public or field. 