 In the name of Allah, the most gracious the most merciful Thanks be to God, peace, and prayers be upon our Prophet Muhammad, on his family and his companions My dear brother, Shaykh ((Abu Muhammad)), May God protect him Peace, mercy, and the blessings of Allah be upon you I hope you and all of your brothers, your family, your son-in-laws are doing well and in good health. The mass media reported the news of the killing of several brothers, may God have mercy on them, one of them was our brother ((Abu Khalid al-Habib)). The news was confirmed to me Œ may God glorify our reward and yours in him and all the brothers. We ask God to reward us in our misfortune and to compensate us with goodness. The mass media also reported your survival from an armed raid attempt carried out by the enemy, and thanks be to God you are well. They alleged they had killed several of your family; however, the news was not confirmed. If it is true, I say to you: To God we belong and to Him is our return. We ask God to have mercy on her soul in her tomb and to accept her among the martyrs, so she will be the patron saint to you. They are on the path of one of the first female martyrs, may God be satisfied with her. So be patient, because God will not keep the good. They also alleged they killed several of the family of Shaykh Jalaluddin ((Haqqani)). If that is true, please give him my best regards and my condolences to him and his family. With respect to the statements and the publications on my end, I purposely did not issue anything during the period of the American elections in fear of the Republicans employing it to their benefit in one way or another, similar to what was said in the 2004 elections. - With respect to the contact with you and Hajj ‚Uthman, there were several circumstances and reasons that delayed this contact, but it is better now, thanks be to God. It seemed to me that due to the events in Bombay (Var.: Mumbai) and their ramifications in the area, al-Qa'ida needs to issue a statement confirming its stance: Despite its hostility against the Pakistani government and its army serving America against Islam and the Pakistani people, it caused a large disturbance. That includes the popular anger, economic collapse, and other negative results attracting our enemies, especially America and India, to become greedy in Pakistan and seek its division. We confirm to our Muslim people in Pakistan that we shall stand with them in their jihad against India and its greediness. We also warn India against assaulting the Muslims in Pakistan and remind them that if they believe they are large in number, the Islamic nation outnumbers them, even though victory is not in number but it is with Allah. We shall incite the mujahidin and the commandos on all the continents of the Islamic world and shall target its economic connections until its collapse, God willing. I urge you to issue a statement in that respect, if you think it is appropriate. I believe you know about the escape of my son Sa'ad from the Iranian jails and his arrival to the brothers - thanks be to God the Almighty Œ It was followed by his death at the hands of the crusaders. I ask God to have mercy on him and to receive him as a martyr. He had sent me a letter discussing the situation and the tragedies that the brothers and our people are going through. All of this might happen, therefore, we need to act quickly to save them. I had written a work plan to Hajj ((‚Uthman)), of which I have attached a copy. If they respond and release our brothers, this would be our wish. Otherwise, I ask you to issue an open message to be published in the mass media. It should be addressed to the wise in the Iranian administration and that includes a report on the injustice bestowed upon our brothers there. As you may know Iran is very concerned about its reputation in the Islamic world (attached is the information in Sa'ad's letter concerning these events). - Following the September 11 attacks and the American offense in Afghanistan, the Arab mujahidin were specifically targeted, including their wives and children in their homes, although they knew we were in Tora Bora and elsewhere. When the brothers saw the US planes bombs shredding the bodies of your children and women, they were forced to immigrate to the province and rescue whatever was left. They entered Iran swiftly through various routes and not through the official gates. A month later, other brothers joined with their families, then months later, the Iranian forces arrested them. Sa'ad, his family, his brothers, and his sisters were amongst them, and we had no news from them for years. We thought they were under house arrest or in the political prison where they would be receiving the rights that were supposed to be provided to the prisoners. This is because they were not arrested on the battleground and were not involved in the war against Iran. It is known that the entry into Iran or into any Islamic land without a passport is not considered a crime, but the crime is to accept the crusaders to divide the Muslim homeland. Then came God's wish facilitating Sa'ad's escape from jail and he joined his mujahidin brothers. He talked to them about the tragedy and the horrors they faced. That is why I urge you to address a letter to the Iranian officials, explaining some of these misfortunes that our prisoners have faced and also to clarify to them that these are tragedies with which no wise man would be satisfied, no matter the size of the hostility and the depth of the disagreement between us and you. The prisoners have rights because they are hosts Œ they have no power or might - so what if we learned that most of them were women and children... I shall provide you examples of what Sa'ad had said about these horrors. I shall begin with the tragedy of the wife of our brother, the hero, Shaykh Muhammad al-Islam ((Buli)), may God have mercy on him. He was unaware of the September 11 attacks other than in the mass media. He was not associated with al-Qa'ida Organization; however, the strange part and the contradictions are that Iran had warmly welcomed the hero of Islam, Khalid al-Islam Buli, who killed al-Sadat when Khan al-Mullah and the nation admitted the Israelis... How would that be resolved with the bad treatment of Shaykh Muhammad and his family? The tragedies were mentioned, as well as the diseases they suffered and were ignored, until she passed away - may God have mercy on her. He then mentioned the violent beatings. Comment: It would be more appropriate to mention this incident without naming Shaykh Muhammad for security reasons, also because Egypt might take this as an excuse for them, due to his presence there and they might begin to demand him. Also to mention the death of Jasim Ibn al-Shaykh Sulayman ((Abu al-Ghayth)), he then mentioned the death of the unborn child of our son Sa'ad, as mentioned in the letter. He was satisfied in mentioning these examples and added the beating that ((Abu Hafas al-Mauritani)) and ((Abu Ghayth)) had suffered. The brothers believed he had passed away, but thanks be to God, he was moved to the hospital and saved. He also elaborated on the stories of preventing them for years from communicating with their families, to include the negative impact it had on them. He also mentioned how they detained Shaykh Muhammad al-Islam Buli and Sa'ad, as well as his brothers for five months underground. No doubt the wise in Iran and abroad are wondering to whose interest these tragedies are being carried out against the mujahidin, the immigrants and their children, and all Sunni people. What is Iran's interest in demonstrating its harsh hostility against the Sunni people by acting in an inhumane way? Muqtada al-Sadr was forced to leave the battlefields against the Americans in Najaf and Karbala'; he entered your homeland, but the brothers did not see him in prison with them. Similarly, if Hasan ((Nasrallah)) was forced to come to you, you would not put him in jail. So why then all this resentment and ill will against the Sunni people? In any event, all prisoners should be released immediately and should be given the opportunity to return to where they came from. You had alleged in the media that the countries of these prisoners shall not accept them. I tell you, not all the prisoners. The wife of Sa'ad Bin ((Usamah)) is from Khartoum, Sudan. She had greeted the sons and daughters of the people of Sudan and sought to release them from their tragedies, as they sought to release Sami al-((Hajj)) from Guantanamo. As to my sons, Muhammad, Hamaz, Ladin, their sisters and their maternal aunts, they all are in the Arabian Peninsula. They are allowed to move in all the Gulf countries and were released to go to Qatar. This is a preliminary opinion to several thoughts that I believe your letter should include. I urge you to consult these issues with Hajj ‚Uthman and his brothers. Whatever you agree to do, just do it as soon as possible to rescue the brothers with care, calmness, and relevance in proposing the ideas of the letter and to tone it down should it be too forceful. Also, to focus on the clarification in our differences in principle and to avoid any terms that they might interpret as being flattery. I have many words in my mind regarding Iran, but we need to be brief and focus on the issue associated with the prisoners without crowding it with other subjects. We need to deal with these other issues at a different time, God willing. With respect to your letter entitled “Acquittal,” I have read it, and it is generally good, as a lot of effort has been put forth. I am thankful and ask God that it will be useful and to reward you well. I have several important comments, but before I mention them, I have an opinion on the initial response to what was written or published against us and against our approach. Mainly, they were the ones who changed and switched, and they were known to the people, to the scholars, and to the mujahid. The latter then refrained from carrying out his duty, as he was spontaneously losing a lot of his credibility, and the sincere and the suitable people avoided him. With the course of these events, the people's knowledge increased as he turned from the right path. In general, the Muslims do not read what he wrote, as their principal source is the video mass media. It comes in short sections, and it is better to remain quiet and not respond to avoid stirring the issue once more in the video and audio media, especially when the reply comes from the supreme leadership in the Organization. However it seems to me that it would be better for the Shari'a committee to collect the points and the suspicions that revolved around the mujahidin's approach without indicating those reporting it. The reply then would be made by clarifying our stance and eliminating any suspicion and publishing it in writing on the Internet and other means. The benefit would be achieved and the youths would be fortified. Of note, the reply to several key former jihadist figures would create a general atmosphere of frustration among the Muslims. They would not see that it is appropriate rather than faulty. The nature of the people is to avoid conflict. The reply regarding the acquittal was very bad, and the people were shocked at the inappropriate level of cursing and blaspheming that included this reply. The conclusion is that the people renounced jihad and the mujahidin: As it has been said, “How do you consent to this figure being at that level and being the emir of your group?” Such replies, in addition to exploiting the counter-mass media, all of them were failing. I hope this was clear to you. My opinion in the past was not to reply personally to the reviews of Karam ((Zahdi)) and those with him, because your response will elevate people on their way to extinction. Needless to say, they would be blocking the jihad and the mujahidin. With respect to the comments on the content of the letter, it is as follows: 1. When you mentioned the story about Ka'ab ((Bin al-Ashraf)) and the killing of Muhammad ((Bin Muslimah)), may God be satisfied with him, you mentioned the benefits of that... So the benefit was not successful because the issue was extremely critical and the need to realize it with all the power you had harbored. If you review what you had reported from this standpoint on the expressions of the seekers of knowledge, the confusion remains ongoing. You reported the address of Shaykh Nasir al-((Fahd)), and in it is the reply on the vision of this benefit you mentioned. You also reported the expression of ((Bin al-Qayim)), may God have mercy on him, and it was indicated that this was justice to its owner. He is the only one who can give permission to that. As I had mentioned, this is a very critical issue, and I shall ask the brothers in the Shari'a committee to examine this issue. When you mentioned the subject of Shaykh ‚Abdallah ((‚Azzam)), may God have mercy on him, it would have been better if the ramifications of the issue had been mentioned and the interpretation of the Shaykh in rejecting the words of ((Fadl)). We had not received the interpretation because we did not attend the session; perhaps keeping quiet about Fadl's intent in his expression would have been better. With respect to the visa issue and as to whether it is secure, you provided strong evidence on the fact that it is not secure, as you had mentioned, to provide a definition of the visa and how the Westerners do not consider it as secure. They then arrested ((Abu Hajir)), al-((Mu'ayid)), and others, may God release them. However, when you overly expressed the issue pertaining to other cases, it weakened the initial strength: What you had reported on Shaykh al-((Shawkani)) would have sufficed... God only knows. 