 In the name of Allah, the merciful, the beneficent Praise be to Allah the Lord of the here and the hereafter, and peace be upon our Prophet Muhammad and his family and all of his followers. Introduction To the honorable brother, Shaykh ((Mahmud)), may Allah protect him Peace be upon you and Allah's blessing and mercy I would like to send my greetings to you, your families, your offspring, and all the brothers. I also hope that your security situation is better and that Allah blinds the sight of His enemies. As it pertains to the plan for some of the brothers to go to Iran for safekeeping, I think that Iran is unsuitable. When choosing the regions that the brothers inside Pakistan will be in, take into consideration that they (TN: the regions) are not susceptible to floods or the possibility of them in the future. - As it pertains to the brothers coming from Iran, I think that at this stage they are in safe places outside the areas of bombardment. - As it pertains to Pakistan, I didn't release the report that you mentioned, but the general opinion is the desire for peace and for focusing the efforts on the Americans. - As it pertains to appointing the brothers to the administrative positions, I think that they should take an oath for some of the points that safeguard the work and its secrets. I would like to consult you on this matter so that I may benefit from your opinions, for example the suggested points: 1. Listening, obedience, and jihad to return the Caliphate 2. Keeping operational security 3. Safeguarding the work for which they are appointed and providing counsel to the leadership. - As it pertains to Yemen, if Basir's message arrived and if there is enough in it to make a decision, send it to me. If it hasn't arrived yet, then attached is a message for Brother Basir containing some of the matters that he must take into account when deciding the matter, as well as some questions on their situations. So please read it and send it to him. - In regards to what you mentioned in a previous message on your opinion to decrease the communications, we are covetous of the security aspect, and the majority of the time, what we send you includes work matters or some sermons to be dispatched to the brothers in the media. I think that the reduction in correspondence at this time should be to limit our messages to you to just operational messages and arrange with one of your brothers to be ready to take the al-sharihah (TN: usually refers to a SIM or SD card) from the intermediary instead of delivering it to you. So we send the sermons to him (TN: the intermediary) and he delivers them to the brothers in the media. If there is an important issue, then we will attach a message for you so the brothers in the media department can dispatch it to you. It is known that there is a brother who delivers my sermons to the brothers in the media department, which is very important, so that there aren't any delays to the sermons as a result of any situation that presents itself on your side when there are great matters that cannot be delayed, such as the situation with the floods in Pakistan. Here I wish to indicate that we do wish great events like this to occur and that this period cannot pass without discussion of them and without the consolation of the people by the leadership of al-Qa'ida. I also emphasize the necessity to inform the intermediary to receive from us on 20 October - before the Congressional elections on 01 November - a message that contains a message to the American people. - Attached is a second statement regarding the floods in Pakistan; I want to give a copy of it to Al Jazeera Channel. - Please deduct 460,000 rupees from my personal account and deposit it in the mujahidin account. - Attached is a message from my son ((Khalid)) to brother ((‚Abd-al-Latif)). In conclusion, may Allah Almighty protect you and may He grant you success in what He loves and is pleased with, and our final calls are for praise be to Allah, the Lord of the here and the hereafter, and peace be upon our Prophet Muhammad, his family, his offspring, and all his followers. Peace be upon you and Allah's mercy and blessings Thursday, 17 Ramadan 1431 (TN: 27 August 2010) 