 { of 3] My dear brother, this letter is a reply to the letter of Abu-'Uthman, send it quickly In the name of Allah, Most Merciful, Most Compassionate Thanks to Allah First: Are these questions coming from the leadership, whoever they are? And if it is not from the leadership, then take it to them and get us an answer from them? You have asked about the situations, and in which governorate are we centralized. Response: Our situation, thanks to Allah, is improving for the mujahidin, and as I have mentioned in my previous letters, if you ever wanted Sanaa, today is the day! The political conflict is deteriorating and the situation of the country is about to fall apart. Our fear is that, if it falls apart without us having a presence on all levels, we will face competition from the Muslim Brotherhood and Communists, especially in the South; the Communists have ties to Britain, and Huthis in the Sa'dah in the North have power and control, as well as support from the Iranians, the Shia, and from the neighboring countries. They have depleted the country, economically and militarily. Hirak southern secessionist forces also played a role in the South; they are a mob consisting of a mixture of Communists, regular citizens and some religious people, among which the Communists are the current dominating group as they have ties with the outside. They organize peaceful demonstrations as they claim. Clashes did occur in some demonstrations and, especially Ad Dali', Lahij, and Abyan, with Tariq al-Fadli who is currently a leader in the alleged Revolution Council with al-Bayd and others. As for the Al Sa'ud, they also have a role in that; they want the rule of the Sultans to come back, as they support Tariq and others. Hirak southern secessionist forces now want to be armed and they are preparing for that, as they instilled in the minds of people that those from the North are occupiers, and now people equate a person from the North as a Jew. This is a simple summary: As for the regions that we are centralized in, they are: Abyan, which is considered one of the largest area in which we have supporters, presence, and many members, and we have more influence than the Hirak southern secessionist forces. After that, it's Shabwah and Ma'rib which is the largest area and has tribal influence; we are taking advantage of the ruggedness of its land and the influence of its members. We have supporters, members and sympathizers. Then it's Al Jawf, and Sa'dah in Wadi Abu Jbarah, and Arhab Sanaa, which is considered the largest area in which we hold power. We have supporters and sympathizers in Lahij, Ad Dali', Aden, Hadramawt, Sanaa, and Al Hudaydah and others. You asked about the tribes, whether we have supported them in public or in secret. Many thanks to Allah for the tribes and their chieftains, they have pledged allegiance and they are with us even if they are only a few. We are publically propagating in some areas. In some areas, they pledge allegiance and support for us and we are protecting each other and our presence is strong there. Some Shaykhs are looking at what we have to offer, and will support us, and some of them are afraid and prefer to be neutral. In general, we can be present in any area but we are afraid that people will get shelled and then people will blame us, and we understand this problem. You have asked why we did not start work amidst the Government engagement with the Huthis. Praise be to Allah, we are preparing for some operations that will be of benefit for our war. We are balancing between starting a full-scale war and between letting the Government and the Huthis finish each other, and are thinking about carrying out only special attacks. If we engage the Government, then the Government will reconcile with the Huthis, and with the help of the Saudis and Americans they will fight against us; because the Huthis and Hirak are opportunists who have no benefit in being in a war and are being controlled by foreign parties. You have asked about the real accounts of the war between the Huthis and the Government, and if the Army is winning? [ of 3] The answer: Yes, there are many victories for the Army, advance by the Huthis and treasons by the Army, and it seems that it is a battle for the future, which has been very tense this time, regardless of our existence or not. The Army is continuously funded by Saudi Arabia and is also said that airstrikes are carried out by the Saudis against the Huthis. Now, the Huthis are defeated and international support for the country was granted this time. The Huthis are in the area of Sa'dah, 'Umran, and Al Jawf as these areas hold their power, which they are able to expand to Hajjah, Sanaa, and Khawlan. They also want a port on the Red Sea. You asked about our need for Arab brothers and if they have a route. The answer: As for the military, not now, but they should be ready upon request. About the route, if they have appropriate documentation, they are able to manage entry through any location, but if they do not have proper paperwork, then we will draw a route for them when they are needed; also, inform me if they are part of your staff or in general. If they are among the staff, we need them, especially the brothers who are leaders, mainly if some of them are good, as the situation requires them. I will provide the training and the staff. Thanks to Allah, the training is poor and from time to time, we take turns, due to the lack of the financial means and it facilitates things if available. You asked for the brothers in Yemen, do they want to join us? I say if you recommend them, then you should ask them to join us, but if you do not know them, we will make the connection as we are able to test the brothers. This is a simple summary. I was notified while writing this line, that brother Siwad al-Makki (Talhah) and Husam al-Din al-San'ani had opened a camp in Al Malahiz in order to fight with the country and gather the youth for this nonsense purpose. It is important for you to know that Shaykh Amin Ja'far had parted with us and stayed for about eight months, and soon missed his family and turned himself in to the country. This was after he criticized us about killing the military, which we did in self-defense, and also about the martyrdom operations and other things, in which he used other previous issues as an excuse. We presented our ideology to him and he accepted it and pledged allegiance to us but renounced, and that did not have a big impact on us. [ of 3] Shaykh Husayn Bin-Mahfuz is not consistent with his fatwas, and hiding and retracting statements when things become difficult for him. He is now with Hirak, as possibly their General Mufti though he demonstrates to us that he is our supporter. If the youth come along, he warns them and asks them to join the rest of the communists and the mercenaries of mujahidin such as Al-Fadli and others. This is only for information; we are neutral with them and we don't want to become their enemy at this time, even though they have a big impact on us. The Doctor mentioned to me during the days we were in the cave, and the precious poem as he says: "Abu-Basir, when we come to you in Yemen you say: The day is not crucial but Allah is beloved and I am confident that you will soon come to me if God permits. God will provide unity to us all despite the difficulty and the possibility of not meeting again" Greetings to you all, and cite the creation of God till the end Do not forget your parents while you are praying for steadfastness. Ask God to provide you with victory, the conquering of a country, and the hearts of mankind Your beloved son, Basir 