 In the name of Allah the most gracious the most merciful Praise be to Allah, and peace and prayers be on Muhammad, our prophet, his family and his companions. To my big brother ((Abu Nawaf)), Allah guide me and him to what he likes and approves of. Peace be upon you, and mercy of Allah, and his blessings. My regards to you and all the family. I pray you are in good condition, and I especially mention my dear mother. I pray to Allah that she is in good condition. I hope Allah rewards her with the best reward, and I hope that she is approving of me. I apologize for not calling due to the security situation. I also ask that you relay my greetings to my mother, Um Yaslam, and my mother Um Salih, Allah reward them the best reward for my sake. Regards also to my [paternal] Uncle ‚Abdullah, [paternal] Auntie Fatimah, the remaining [maternal] aunties, and to the brothers and sisters, I pray you are all in good condition, as we are, praise be to Allah, even though some of my family are under house arrest in Iran, of whom are Um Hamzah, and my two daughters Fatimah, and ‚Asma (Iman), also Sa'd, ‚Uthman, Muhammad, Hamzah, and Hamid, and some others in Pakistan. Um Khalid, and I received news that they are all right, praise Allah. My dear brother, I became more worried and busy about Muslims in general from the conspiracy of Jews, Christians, infidels, and especially the Rejectionist apostates, who exploit the call to the family of the Prophet, Allah be pleased with them, as a method to destroy the religion, following in that the path of their Imam, Ibn Saba' al-Yahudi. I do not cease to be amazed about the disregard of most people and their busying themselves and hesitation to do what is their duty, as if they will not defend the religion or Muslims in Iraq who are exposed to the most fierce attacks from the Christians and the Rejectionists. So, who is to defend the free women in the country of the two holies if the Rejectionists violate it? Your sitting back from supporting the mujahidin in Iraq is a great sin according to the jurisprudence, and your delay in suppressing the rebellion of the Rejectionists until their danger overcomes everyone is a logically shameful issue. More than a decade and half ago, I warned on the pulpits of the danger of the Rejectionist al-Khomeini, the danger of Saddam the Ba'thist, and I gave you a recorded tape, but you did not recognize the right way before it is too late. In short I state that all I said about the danger of Saddam and his party is nothing to compare with the danger of the Rejectionists today. Saddam and his infidelity and injustice is a gentle lamb compared to the pack of Rejectionist wolves. Several months before Saddam invaded the area, I mentioned to you a dream that I interpreted for you as meaning that Saddam was to invade the area. And on that day you said to me, “Are you trying to scare us off?” While I had no desire to scare you from what isn't dangerous. Today I remind you of a dream that I mentioned to you about two decades ago, which is that I was in al-Brud, which is south of Jeddah, looking toward the east, overseeing the valley that is an extension of Fatima's valley. I saw a cloud rising over the valley, then I saw that it was a high wave of a violent flood coming from the east. I then saw the effects of the flood in the valley after it passed, and it had hurt the camel herders and the Arabs who had cars damaged in the valley due to the flood. I said to myself, while still dreaming, “This is the way the Bedouins are, they do not pay attention.” On that day, I interpreted that dream for you, saying that the flood that hurts the people and is coming from the east indicates that the enemy are the Rejectionists. Another dream that one of the residents of Medina, a Qur'an memorizer saw a large black cloud that came from the east. It started to drop hail the size of small pillows or large ice blocks. The house was shaking from that hail, and in his dream, the dreamer was running from one corner of the house to the other. He woke up frightened by that nightmare, and the dream was interpreted as meaning the danger of the Rejectionists, as it was a black cloud coming from the east. I say that the matter is big, the danger is horrendous, and it is no longer only in dreams but is a reality that is shaking the ground under the feet of the Sunnis every day in Baghdad and its surroundings. Souls are taken, blood is shed, and sanctities are violated. And we only complain to Allah, as He is enough for us and He is the best supporter. Now the heads of the Rejectionists are coming up, especially in Syria, Lebanon, and the Gulf states, awaiting the opportunity to use their brothers in Iran and Iraq, and to imitate their doings where there is no difference between the army of Muqtada al-Sadr, who burned on a public street in front of all, the women and children of the Sunnis in Iraq, and Hassan Nasrallah in Lebanon, or Hassan al-Safar in the eastern district of the land of the two holies, as they all think that killing the Sunnis and burning them is something that brings you closer to Allah . Islam disavows Rejectionists, as they think that the Qur'an has changed. They accuse ‚Aisha, the mother of the faithful, of marriage infidelity, even though the Qur'an has declared her innocent. This is outright disbelief of the Qur'an. They call all the companions apostates, with the exception of very few. All this is in their old and new accepted books. When they are confronted with this in a dialogue with a Sunni, they deny it unless their books are with the Sunni to prove it to them. Enough of their being deceitful and liars. The short of it is that there is no danger or catastrophe that hit the Muslims after the death of our great prophet that is more dangerous than today's catastrophe of the revolt of the Persian and Arab Rejectionists. Pushing back their danger is of the main duties of this religion, and sorrowfully, this does not get achieved today only by supporting the people of Islam in Iraq. There must be a mobilization and incitation of all Muslims in all the world, the neighboring countries, and specifically, in Yemen. The importance of bolstering and supporting the Sunnis inside Iran and neighboring countries, such as Afghanistan and Turkey, is obvious, as is the necessity of explaining the falsehoods, deception, and corruption of the Rejectionist beliefs. Some of the Rejectionist imams have converted to Sunnism, as in Kuwait, Iraq, and Iran, and they saw the right path. They should be supported to explain the corruption of that lost doctrine. He who turns his sight away from the Rejectionists in Islamic countries is like he who looks away from snakes and scorpions while they are multiplying in his room. He who reads their history in the past and present, and the number of their betrayals of the Sunnis, knows that my words fall short from describing their danger. So, I am here the person who pioneers warning about them, and I ask Allah to witness that I have delivered the warning; I ask Allah to witness that I have delivered the warning; I ask Allah to witness that I have delivered the warning. Important note: Some of the grandsons and granddaughters of out father, Allah have mercy on his soul, are under house arrest in Iran, as I mentioned before. They were forced to this under the unjust campaign on Afghanistan by the United States, as America was targeting the families of the Arab mujahidin, women and children, blatantly, over and over. So some of those who survived it went to Iran without coordination, and they were arrested and put in prison. Except I was told that our family has been under house arrest for several years. We asked several times that they be let go so that they could go to Pakistan. Tehran did not respond to that, so maybe you could attempt to work on releasing them to the Waziristan area of Pakistan, where we can make sure they are all right there with these tribes. If you do this, you will be doing good for your father, Allah have mercy on his soul, and you will be doing good for your kin. I stress that we want them to go out to Waziristan only, and maybe the [maternal] uncles of Nawaf could help you with that. 