 In the Name of God, the Most Merciful Praise to God, and prayer and peace be upon our Prophet Muhammad, his family, and his companions. My dear Brother Shaykh Abu-Muhammad, may God protect him. God's peace, mercy, and blessings be upon you I hope that you, all of your brothers, relatives, and in-laws well and in good health. I received your two good letters at the same time. The letters were delayed for a long time with the intermediary due to some confusion that took place. He thought that the chip was his. Due to the shortness of time, I did not have the time to read your exoneration letter and many of your responses on the general questions. God willing, I will send you another letter concerning this matter. 1- May God reward you for your efforts in sending the letters for tasking the brothers with what needs to be done regarding the Denmark subject. Please follow up with them on this matter. 2- In reference to the issue of the assassination of Mullah ((Dadullah)), God bless his soul, if what you said in your previous letter about the conspiracy of his assassination is true, then this is a dangerous matter and should be should looked into from all dimensions. The issue is not an assassination of one man, despite the sacredness of Muslims' blood, but it is the beginning of the assassination of the true jihadi stream that refuses hypocrisy in the faith of God. You, the brothers, and Mahsud are symbols of this stream; therefore, you should watch out for the hypocrites. Many of them, such as the friend of Sharif, may God end his suffering, will not hesitate to kill you. The brothers said that they will reserve judgment in dealing with them until they prove to be not trustworthy. I have no doubt that they showed that they are not trustworthy by trying to release the accused ones and they confirmed it by ousting Hajj Mansur Dadullah. They also confirmed it once again by refusing to transfer the issue to the justice system, as Hajj ‚Uthman mentioned. He said that the delegation told him that the issue is over and there is no need to inflate it. Evading justice is a very dangerous thing for their faith and their life. As you remember, some of them, including Akhtar ‚Uthmani, tried to prevent Tahir Jan from being brought to justice in Afghanistan. Based on the above, please make sure to carry out steps that will protect and strengthen the honest stream and weaken the hypocritical stream that represents the ISI. The situation that you are in is an extension of a real war that started in Afghanistan to lessen and oust al-Qa'ida. You should know that some people will go wild in their justification of the shedding of the blood of Muslims under the excuse of the interest of the Islamic state. Therefore, it is imperative to study this issue with Shura people and make sure to gently build awareness of the situation among prominent figures in the area. The first step should be for Hajj Mansur or one of his relatives to demand a Shari'a trial. If he cannot, then you and the prominent figures in the area should demand to have an investigation opened and transfer the issue of assassination to a strong and honest judge to punish those who are proven to be implicated in the assassination. Supporting the oppressed and establishing justice is a religious obligation and the life of the reasonable people; otherwise, I am afraid that the turn of other brothers might come after him. Regarding Hajj Mansur, please explain the reasons that made him categorize the accused the way he did. I think that that Hajj Mansur should be sent to justice instead of getting him out of the area. Please send me details of the circumstances that surrounded that (TN: decision). 3- In reference to our friend, the condition for corresponding is a trustworthy intermediary. 4- In reference to al-Jufi, he should be transferred to a reconciliation council and not to an investigation. We do not want to appoint the devil in charge of him in these circumstances. Some harm is less than other harm. Finally, I pray to God to preserve you and protect you. I also pray to Him to grant us success in what pleases Him. God's peace, mercy, and blessings be upon you. 02 Jumada l-Ula 1429 H, 07 May 2008 