 In the name of Allah, the merciful, the compassionate. Praise is to Allah, and peace and prayers be on our Prophet Muhammad, his family, and his companions. Peace and God's mercy and blessing be upon you. My caring family: I hope this letter will reach when you are well and in good health. I received your kind letter, and I was happy for it, God bless you for its contents. In this letter, I want to write to you the good news that the obstacles that were holding you from coming have been solved, praise is to Allah. They did not have any conditions, except that you must complete your medical treatments, and that you not ask them to add any additional people throughout our stay with them. I kindly wish from you to write to me about Hamza and his educational abilities. I also want to assure you that we have informed the brothers of the urgency of bringing him out of Waziristan. We are waiting for his arrival according to what we have arranged with them on Thursday or Friday of each week. They prefer that he travel on these two days, because curfews are rarely imposed then. They also prefer that he obtain a Pakistani ID before he leaves. I asked them not to delay his departure because of the ID card and to guard his safety. [I told them that] if it was impossible to arrange a safe route for him to come to you, then to take him by any other safe route, and then we will arrange for him to go to the location you are in. We have contacted the brother, who brings the messages to us from the brothers, to follow up on the developments of Hamza's departure, but he informed us that it did not yet arrive. He promised us one or two days, and the brother here was sick and was not able to go to pick it up. However, he will bring it to me today, I will review it, and then I will let you know news the brothers have about Hamza. I also kindly ask you to reassure me about Sa'd's (God have mercy on him) , his children and his wife, and about Fatimah's health and her daughter. I guess when you said there wasn't a lot of time, that is the reason that came between you and that. In regard to your medical treatments that were done in Iran and what you mentioned about not feeling any strange material in the treatment's injections, praise is to Allah for that. However, the illness of strong dizziness that you described in your letter, tell me the date it started and how long it has continued, as well as some details of the symptoms, and the date you were examined for treatment. Of course you know the importance of dates and deciding a number of issues. So please excuse me if I have worn you out with some of these details. I prefer that you go to a [female] doctor and to describe the symptoms you have to her, and [to tell you] whether or not the treatment prescribed by the Iranian doctor was necessary. If you still have the symptom after this is done and you have had the concurrence of the doctors, then you may have an x-ray or ultrasound of the area that was examined. If no strange bodies found, then we have passed the suspicion stage, and in regard to the teeth, what you said about having an x-ray is good and inform us of the results and the date of the filling. - In your letter, you mentioned that when you were released to Waziristan, you did not know reasons behind that. After you were released, did hear about anything that forced them to release you in general, and in particular to Waziristan? Were they afraid if you and Hamza went to Syria you would not stay there, but instead that you would go to Saudi Arabia and that you would embarrass them through the media? While in Iran, did you hear about the written report Khalid published asking Khamenei to release you? - In your letter, you mentioned that they were saying that they would send you to Qatar or to Syria,; what was Muhammad's, his brothers', Hamza's, and your opinion of that? Did you ask to go to Qatar? And if you did, what was their answer? We need to know if they intended to send you in this direction to follow up on your movements, where they expected you to come to me. - You mentioned that that Muhammad went to Syria; do you know why? Do you know the place where ‚Uthman is intending to go? Do you have any knowledge about the Iranian's intentions for releasing Fatimah and Shaykh Sulayman ((Abu Ghayth))? - In closing, I want to inform you that during the coming days, the brother will come from our side. He will ask Muhammad ((Aslam)) if you are ready to come to us or not. If you have finished the treatment and are sure about the security matters that worry you, then you must tell the brother that so he can bring you that same day. Everyone here sends their regards. Observation: Attached with this letter is a letter to brother Muhammad ((Aslam)),, who informed me that you are in his home. There also is a gift for you, dates from our country, which is the favorite food. I ask Allah to protect you and to join us together. Friday, 30 Safar (2) 1432 H 05 February 2011 