 Translation begins here In the name of Allah the most gracious the most merciful To the generous brother Shaykh Abu Muhammad, May God protect him I would like to propose to you a very important matter that requires substantial effort to eliminate any confusion concerning the Islamic State of Iraq. Given the widely available communication between you and the media as well as the information network, there is a need to close the gap, so the main axis of your work plan in the upcoming stage would be to maintain the support of the truthful Mujahidin in Iraq - beginning with our brothers in the Islamic State of Iraq. Defending them is the main pivot and it gets the most attention and priority in your speech; also work on rallying the people to meaning that your support to the state should be obvious to everyone without exception. Highlight an important point and insist upon it, because in reality there is a conflict and scramble between two approaches; An approach wanting to erect a state where the highest authority is only to God the Almighty, and an approach wanting the highest authority in the upcoming State of Iraq to be to the kings and presidents and not to Allah only, praise be upon him. The Mujahidin are working hard and continue their efforts to establish the approach of the first group, the Messenger of Allah peace and prayers be upon him and his companions, May God be satisfied with them all. They are not concerned with the fanaticism towards the individuals and the groups that seek to establish the true faith of Allah; however, what they care about is to have the group and its emir lead them to establish the faith of Allah the Almighty. Most of the Islamic groups, and the Mujahidin especially, have split into two main sections one section sees that it would be impossible to erect an Islamic State and fend off the international and local disbelief, unless they collaborate with the governments and leaders in the area. Clearly, they remained misguided. (TN: the other section pertains to) the honest Mujahidin and those who believe in establishing faith with an ultimate and high authority to Allah, the Almighty alone; also, the need to remove the idolater rulers and the operational governments. Here is the truth of the conflict and its origin; even though it appears as wearing outfits and with secondary excuses, the truth of the matter is that the conflict is between two sects between the international and local disbelief and what goes around in their plane, to include many groups with Islamic designations, and between the honest Mujahidin to include al- This is the truth of the conflict; however due to the hypocrisy of several countries, they shoved several Islamic combatant groups into the forefront. The conflict then appeared to be between the Mujahidin in al-Mujahidin in other groups. The issue is not about killing one, or three, or why did they say this or that, these issues are obvious and the state is compliant; it takes its rights from the tyrant to the wronged, irrespective of the organizational affiliation. This is the truth, as the governments are hostile to us and believe we are their adversaries. We shall seek to eliminate them after Iraq. This is a done deal and known to all. The brothers and the Sururiyin believe they are associated with the erection of the contemporary Islamic Awakening. Consequently, they categorically believe they are first to lead it and care for it, should anyone else intervene with them or remove the leadership from them without any right, as this is their practice in every Islamic action; not to mention that they consider the leader of al-students and one of their group who rebelled against their orders a quarter of a century ago. He should then return to listen and obey the group. The need to provide a calm response to all those requesting to dissolve the state or to doubt it; for example, reply to the lecture of Hamid al- al-Awwal (attached is a copy) if he had not realized himself and corrected the mistake. Others may have replied to him and defended the state, bringing up important points no doubt, however they missed other extremely important points which they did not discuss. Initially, and in summary they are as follows: The international disbelief in all of its media organizations, and with the assistance of the local disbelief organizations, fight the Islamic groups and spend billions to harbor them and melt (TN: possibly integrate) them. This is Hamas that was harbored by Iran with its support. The Saudi regime was able to extract from it the respect of international laws, with respect to Palestine, meaning acknowledging the Zionist entity, and prior to that the Muslim Brothers, the Sururiyin, Hasan Resolution 1701. This is the Muslim Scholars association that went to the idols organization and was publicly harbored, and the Sayaf and Rabani party in Afghanistan. Al-be established with the grace of Allah during the two decades, and no one was able to melt it with the acids of the international or local policy. Therefore, hostility remains ongoing as it receives the arrows from all and from every international or local side. Now, in their campaigns in Iraq, they focus on the fear of al-organization becoming international. It expanded its circle with the grace of Allah and the people joined in regiments, tribes and entire groups. Hence the need to erect a state in Iraq with an emir to rule these individuals and facilitate their issues; he would also protect the principles of the Shari'ah. The trusted Mujahidin in Iraq recommended individuals and established the state. al-Baghdadi; we are unaware of the War Emir in Iraq, as we recommended him publicly before the eyes and ears of the entire world. The majority trusts al-, as it relies upon the principle and the pure approach. It was successful in its experiments, in taming, harboring, and melting under the basis of the politics and the infidel leaders. So how would this group leave it to others? This was a reason for the deceit, as there is no power or might other than with Allah. Therefore, the need to carry out the expressions of Shaykh Hamid al- state and all of its martyrs; the intent is not to criticize the true statements of the imams applicable to their deceitful circumstances on the ground for the past centuries. While our situation in this era is an updated one, taken over by the international and regional disbelief worldwide, it is difficult for us to completely appear and to have a general pledge. Our current order is exceptional as we had mentioned. We all criticize the terms and the martyrdom of al-speeches of imams that are out of place. The response to his statement indicates that the state has a thorn and its emir is unknown. The need to reply to the Jaysh al-Islami as I looked at several replies, reasonable but appeared to be quick; the issue required several replies and somewhat detailed, with objectivity and honesty without focusing on the intentions. The intent was to discuss what they had demonstrated; there are some important points which are extremely important that should be tapped, as the covenant of the Islamic Army is to accuse the idolater governments of being infidels and to oppose them. Those who had reviewed the statement of the Islamic Army and the covenant clauses, as well as the approach of this army, would clearly notice the disparity between the statement and the covenant. The leaders of the Islamic Army would not imagine falling into such clear disparity. For example, they wrote in , where most of the elements in the combating groups, in addition to their leaders who know and believe that disbelief in the idols is the basis for monotheism; however he who prepared the statement criticizing the state indicated that the house is a house of disbelief. The author of the statement secretly defended the rulers of the idols, as it was known that the seekers of knowledge ruled the homes in conformance with the governing approach - and its people may not be amongst the infidels. The author of the statement was opposed to the statement of the brothers in the state, indicating that the jihad had been a duty ever since the fall of Andalusia. The reviewer of this statement curses the same Sururiyin leaders who were harbored by the Saudi regime. So would this case require conflict and defamation, and the grief in concurring with the statement of the seekers of knowledge for the proper assumption, should the land of Islam fall into the hands of the infidels. At last, I believe that the statement should have a conflict impression between al-disbelief. Focus on the idea in the introduction, the body and the conclusion, and on every subject written in that respect and signaling to the fact that shoving between us and the groups is a section for the corroboration of our interests with the interests of the rulers in confronting and toppling the Islamic State of Iraq; the reason is because they were driven by a wrong and undue interpretation. I would recommend, for those convinced of what I had previously mentioned, to include it in their writings and statements and coordinate with the brothers who would write regarding this subject. With respect to the people of good deeds, your suggestion to relieve them from their worries is a good thing and I urge you to task Karim (TN: pronounced Karem) with that. With respect to Karim and his brother and their administrative association in Afghanistan and Pakistan- With respect to the matter pertaining to the work at the location where Abu Humam al--in-law of Abu al-Hasan al-Masri was harmed, sk Karim with a specific work there. interest in the matter involving the Baluchi brothers and the Kurds. The issue pertaining to Shaykh Abu al-Layth and his brothers- You had indicated in your letter to us that you sent an attachment file under the title 'Urgent' and that you continue to be of the same opinion regarding this matter. I have not found this file in the attachments, and I was unaware of what was needed. However, I confirm to you that moving to other far areas is extremely dangerous and we should avoid it. With respect to the brothers in Yemen, they had said that they were between two matters. Either they would be detained or they would work; consequently, working on specific targets was selected. 