 In the name of Allah, the compassionate, the merciful. Praise be to God, prayer and peace be upon God's prophet, his household, his companions and his supporters. To our honorable Shaykh– may God protect him, and guide his path to what is good and obedient, and grant him victory by His religion and Sharia and to make higher his position. At the beginning of this humble letter, I ask God to receive it while you are in a good condition, in peace, with complete tranquility, calm, and saved by the protection of God, to be protected by His care, and for God to increase upon you and us His guidance and integrity, and to maintain us on the path of truth, jihad, immigration, until we meet with Him while He is pleased with us. If you ask about our situation, we are enjoying the blessings of the Almighty God. We are asking Him for more and praise be to Him. The greatest blessing God granted on us is Islam, emigration, jihad, stationing, and we are certain about the path that God has chosen for us to establish his religion and rules: “Whatever Allah that comes of the grace of Allah to us and to mankind, yet most men are not grateful” (Yusuf\38) the Almighty God has shown us His support to Mujahidin, despite disasters and afflictions, praise be to God at first and last. We are offering our condolences on the convoy of martyrs in the last short period of time. We have lost generous brothers who were the wedge of jihad, but deeply-rooted mountains that carry the burdens of jihad and bear its adversity. With our extreme sadness for their departure, we know that this sort of affliction is not separate from jihadi worshippers. The Almighty God told us that affliction exist: ( Be sure we shall test you with something of fear and hunger, some loss in goods or lives or the fruits but give glad tidings to those who patiently preserve) (Al-Baqra/155). Therefore, we say what the companions of the Prophet "Peace upon him" said when they were facing extreme and great affliction and their belief was shaking in the battle of al-Ahzab: “When the believers saw the confederate forces they said this is what Allah and his Messenger had promised us, and Allah and his messenger told us what was true and it only added to their faith and their zeal in obedience” (al-Ahzab\22). We certainly know that what happened to our enemies, the Americans, and their allies from pain, ulcers, and wounds exceeds what has happened to us. We ask God to grant us reward and recompense, and for them only disgrace in this life and suffering in the hereafter. Our killed people are in Heaven and their killed people are in Hellfire. The almighty God says: “So lose not heart, nor fall into despair, for ye must gain mastery if ye are true in faith” (139). If a wound hath touched you, be sure a similar wound hath touched the others. Such days we give to men and men by turns that Allah may know those whom he may take to himself from your ranks Œ martyr/witnesses, and Allah loveth not those who do wrong” (Al-‚Imran\139, 140). God also said: “And slacken not in following up the enemy if ye are suffering hardships, they are suffering similar hardships. But ye have hope from Allah, while they have none. And Allah is full of knowledge and wisdom” (al-Nisa'\104). Therefore, I would like to say to you, our generous Shaykh, that we are keeping the pledge. God willing, we will not change. We are firm and patient, waiting for God's reward. We ask God for acceptance, success, and help; and we are unwearied from ourselves or anyone else, even in the twinkling of an eye. We seek God's protection from nymphs and from the hide and seek seductions. So go on with God's blessings to incite the nation, lifting concerns from those who are frustrated, hope to the hopeless, strengthen the hesitant and disturbed, and God will take charge of you and us. He is our Lord the great Master and Supporter. I have some humble suggestions, perhaps God will help the ones who are taking advantage of this chance: First: If you provide direct instruction via audio or video to the mujahidin here in our arena from time to time, whereby your instructions touch on issues that they are experiencing, and make them feel a direct relation between the leadership and them– The recorded material will be maintained only for guidance and instruction, not to be published. This would have a great role in lifting the spirits of the mujahidin, as well as the benefit from your experiences that would increase their knowledge, which is an important factor in creating Mujahid and advance his level. You know the difference between a Mujahid listening to a statement from you that is directed to the nation in general or the European people, and to listen to a speech directed to him. The subjects that can be mentioned in this regards are a lot and you know it, God knows most. Second: One of the important issues to increase the consolidation of the relation with the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan, praise be to God it is very good, but lately we observed through their published statements on some occasions such as ‚Id al-Adha and al-Fitr, that they used expressions and phrases that were not known or used before by them. These statements were issued under the name of Emir al-Mu'minin may God protect him. However, I think these statements are far from his style and tone. The Shura Council might have the authority to issue statements on his behalf. Our respected Shaykh, what I see is to activate the relationship between you and Emir al-Mu'minin through correspondence, God willing it is possible, so that will create a good impression for them and make them feel that you are close and adopting their case. It would be nice if you contact them to remind them and strengthen their intention, which will result in good benefits, God willing. This is to show a kind devotion toward them for their huge sacrifices that they provided and are still offering, especially that they are facing enticements from the Americans and their allies, which might reach a high level; only the truthful could stay firm; praise be to God, they are the majority in the Emirate. Nevertheless, they need to be stabilized, and your speeches have a special influence upon them, yet this is one of the great jihadi methods. For the sake of God, this will protect the fruit, maintain unity, and unite our voice, may God nurture you. May God protect you, bless you, support you, and grant you strength. Do not forget us in you supplication, as well as your advice. If it is destined that we meet in this world, it will happen. Otherwise, we will meet in heaven, God willing. Peace and God's mercy be upon you. Your beloved servant, Abu Yahya 9 Safar 1431 