 Letter from Brother ‚Atiyah to Shaykh Abi al-Zubayr To the dear brother and esteemed Amir, Shaykh Abu al-Zubayr, may God keep him and look after him and guide his steps Peace be upon you, and God's mercy and His blessings . We extend our regards to all our brothers and leader shaykhs, as well as all the Muslim partisans on the Somali land 2. Please let us know whether you received my previous letter that contained two letters from the two shaykhs and which included our opinion on the Bayat 3. We received your attached files that were delayed in route. We received them approximately one month ago 4. We have been following up on your news as we, along with many of the Muslims place our hopes in you. We pray for Allah to grant you success and for you to be the castle of Islam in support of the large jihad project for our nation. 5. We have been suffering from the spy planes problem and the spy war, especially in the tribal area. Many of us, the immigrants and the Taliban were killed. However, in exchange, the situation in Afghanistan bears good news and is to the interest of the Mujahidin. The attacks are on the rise and the flow of the jihad is excellent as the criminals, the Americans and NATO, are in distress. We ask for your invocations. If you have any technical assistance for us, advice or information on fending off the spying or otherwise, please let us know. What is the news on the spy planes at your end, do they exist? 6. With respect to the money issue, I am waiting for contact information if your brothers are capable of it and if it is appropriate. If you have any modification or if it is not available then we shall look for a different plan. When I asked the brothers in charge here about these issues, they said that hand delivery was the best method, as I had mentioned to you in my previous letter. 7. My dear brother, your negotiations with the Hizb Al-Islami (the Islamic Party) to harbor them to include the Muslims is a great step on your behalf. We have read what you wrote and understood it. We trust in you and appreciate your efforts. We had wanted to provide you advice in looking for more relinquishment to the brothers Œ perhaps there is no objection for you to give up on changing the name, for example, changing the name of Harakat Al-Shabab Al-Mujahidin (TN: the Mujahidin youths movement) and they can keep their name; however a new name would be selected for the union. If you would somewhat yield in the matter involving their involvement in the administration, the leadership would be your responsibility in its entirety; you would focus on honesty and clarify that the matters require additional trust and comfort level. Demonstrate to them your keenness to meet and remind them of Allah. You could also report to whoever is appropriate such as Shaykh Hasan ((Dhahir)) that Shaykh Usamah and the brothers recommended the meeting and the yielding because this is the interest of Islam. Amongst the important matters, advise that, at the end, even if all negotiations were to fail with them do not cut a helping thread. If they were not on your side, the least you could do is to ensure they won't turn against you. This is a general principle in policy, no doubt . With respect to the draft on belief and approach you had sent to review it and provide advice, may God reward you well. We reviewed it and in general it appears good with the need to make few changes, most of which are formal. We however thought you were part of the authority and the power of the ‚State' in reality and on the ground. You are established on a large patch of land and have the support of many people. Here there is mix in considering the “movement” and considering the “state”. Should you issue an approach, expressing the movement (the youths movement), that would be fine as we shall send you next time there are changes to the file. Otherwise, you may be heading to the existence of the state and would not need a detailed approach rather in need of a semi constitution as a state. We want to remind you that, in the event of a state, and your inclination for it no doubt you should harbor all types of people from various sects, inclinations, religious and ideological levels. We should then focus on the points in our Islamic Sunni approach associated in containing all people. I urge you to study this issue well with your brothers and spread awareness. You are a state and should demonstrate justice and forgiveness and be kind to people as much as you can With respect to all the Muslims, it would be good to attempt to obtain promises or pledge of allegiance from the sympathizers of the jihad and set a Caliphate; the non-pledging should not be a hindrance between you it should be a desired option Remain keen in accepting people with you at work so long as being by the brothers' side would remain a dream. Do not avenge the soul that brings you closer to one another and at the end they would turn out to be amongst the brothers. We advise you to be keen in providing respect to the seniors and to take advantage of the people with capacities in all arenas. 9. Remain in contact with the brothers in the Arab Peninsula (Shaykh Abi Basir) is somewhat unorganized. That is why I had wanted to send them letters through you Œ so forgive me for keeping you busy. If you relay the letter to them, (Shaykh Abi Basir Œ encrypted with its own key please confirm that to us. Peace mercy and the blessings of Allah be upon you Your brother ‚Atiyah 7 Muharram 1432 HJ (11 December 2010) 