 To the kind Shaykh Abu Muhammad, Allah protect him, Peace be upon you, and mercy of Allah, and his blessings. I hope that this message will reach you, and that you, the family, and all the brothers are in health and prosperity from Allah almighty. Please inform me of your condition and the brothers, in-laws, and offspring. I apologize for the delay in sending messages to you, due to security issues seen by the brothers accompanying me and which may last, whereby there will be a message every several months, so please excuse me in that regard, knowing that all of us, praise Allah, are in good condition and health, and hopefully things will ease up and I will be able to meet you and benefit from your opinions. I was following up with the brothers your kind words in supporting people of the right, and confronting people of the evil, which an observer would find as a positive development, Allah reward you and make that in your good deeds balance, due to performing that great duty. Please inform me about the conditions on your side and your future programs, and provide me with your opinions and counsel. - I present to you a very important subject that needs great effort to remove ambiguity around the subject of the Islamic state of Iraq (ISI), since there is easier contact between you, the media, and the information network, so you have to plug that gap, whereby the main axis for your work plan in the coming stage would be the continued support for the truthful Mujahidin in Iraq headed by our brothers in ISI, and defending them should priority in your speeches and statements, and mobilizing people, and uncovering the conspiracies in an open and clear manner, in other words, your support for ISI must be overt and obvious. One point must be stressed and hammered in repeatedly, which is that the truth of the matter is that there is struggle and push and pull between two ideologies. One of them wants a country where the upper word is for Allah alone, and another that wants the upper word in future Iraq to the kings and presidents, and not to Allah almighty, as the mujahidin have conducted jihad and continue to do so to reestablish the doctrine of the first group , which was the prophet (PBUH) and his companions, Allah be pleased with them all, and they do not care about discrimination against persons or groups, but what they care about is that they are led by Al-establish the religion of Allah. The Islamic groups in general, and the Mujahid group in particular, have divided into two main parts: one part sees that it is not possible to establish the Muslim nation and opposes the international and domestic apostasy, except by cooperating with the puppet governments in the area, and that part has obviously lost its way. And another part which is the truthful mujahidin, who want to establish the religion where the word of Allah is the highest, and the necessity to set aside the tyrants and puppet governments, and because of that, conflict arises even if it is covered in different shapes and secondary excuses, so the truth of the struggle is between two groups - the international and domestic apostates and those who run in their orbit, including many of the groups that bear an Islamic name on one side and the truthful mujahidin, of whom is Al-, on the other side. This is the truth of the struggle, but the countries cunningly involved some of the Islamic groups on the front, so it appeared that the struggle in Iraq was between the mujahidin in ISI and mujahidin in other groups. The case is not about killing one or three otherwise, why did they say so and so, as these issues are easy to resolve, and the government is flexible, it will get the right of the oppressed from the oppressor regardless of the organizational belonging, which is the truth as governments are hostile to us, and see that we are their archrivals, and that we will strive to remove them after Iraq; that is a settled matter and is known to all. In addition to that, the brotherhood and Sururi think that they are the pioneers and the reason for the establishment of the contemporary Islamic revival, so accordingly they think that they have priority to lead and nurture it, and that others have imposed on them and took that leadership away from them unjustly, which is their mode in every Islamic work, as they also consider that the leader of Al-was one of their students and a member of their group who disobeyed their orders a quarter century ago and needs to be returned to the obedience of the group. Also, a quiet response is a must to any that calls for dissolving the state (ISI) or creating doubts about it, regardless of whom that may be. For example, responding to the letter of Hamid Al-, which -`Awal (a copy is enclosed); unless he has corrected himself and recanted, and there are those who responded to him and defended the state and mentioned important points, but I want you to delve into the other points which are, in short: - That the international apostasy with all its media establishments and with help from the domestic apostasy establishment are fighting the Islamic groups and spending billions to contain and dissolve them, such as Hamas, which has been contained by Iran. Also, the Saudi regime was able to extract from them respect for the international laws regarding Palestine, meaning recognition of the Zionist entity. Before that was the Muslim brotherhood and the Sururi, when their predominant leadership were contained and after them were the leaders of the revival, who became the leaders of the foot dragging; , which was contained and which agreed to sign the 1701 resolution; and there is the Muslim scholars establishment that went to the tyrants and was openly contained across the media; and the Islamic party in Iraq, Sayaf; and the Rabbani parties in Afghanistan; and the examples are many and are obvious, and in the shadow of the police state system that is controlling the world. It has become difficult to find a group, party, or a dignitary that is out of control of the governments and their establishments, and from a point of view of mentioning a blessing and not bragging or warning Muslims about the conspiracies that are spun against the mujahidin. I saybe pleased with him said, when he was besieged in his home in Medina, as it was said that he said after he mentioned a Hadith for the prophet (PBUH), a Muslim blood is only to be shed by one of three offenses: soul for a soul, infidelity of the elder, etc. and of what he said, I have not committed infidelity in Islam or before Islam ever - Al-, has been steadfast during two decades, and no one was able to dissolve it in the political acids of the international or domestic apostasy countries, which to contain us during the days of Sudan, and they spent the money and revoked the identification card and the passport and the freedom of return to the country or stay where I wanted. In exchange for that I testify that the king is a devout Muslim, and Allah protected me from apostasy and infidelity, so to him is praise and thanks. The leaders of the Islamic groups in general and the mujahidin groups in particular were truthful brothers in supporting Islam when they started the work, but after the group grew and became important, it got exposed to many pressures that changed its path; it has been seen except for whom Allah has mercy on them. Then it may be suitable that you talk to the people and tell -Zarqawi, Allah have mercy on his soul, joined Al-steadfastness after he trusted the organization. Al-, praise Allah, and its circle has widened and people entered it in droves, tribes and groups, so in Iraq it had to establish a government, have an Emir to rule them, ease their needs and protect the religious goals, so Shaykh Hamid Al-unanimity of the scholars on the necessity of appointing the imam and establishing the government laws, so it was strange that he asked to dissolve and annul ISI, and he spoke of the hiding of the Emir of the state, and used some statements of the scholars, Allah have mercy on their souls, as example. I do not object to his example of their sayings, but I object to him ignoring the reality that we live in, so who can show up in public and consult with his brothers on the matter? The trusted mujahidin in Iraq nominated people, established the state, and agreed on an Emir for them, who is -Baghdadi, as for the Emir of war in Iraq, we know him, and we publicly vouched for him in sight and hearing of the whole world-Baghdadi and swore allegiance to him. Accordingly, we have to read the statements that are suspicious of the state wisely and refute them, like the talk of Shaykh Hamid Al-used of supporting evidence, and what is means is not to dispute the proper statements of the Imams, which was correct in applicability to their circumstances that shadowed the earth during centuries past, while our circumstances are in this era that we live in is an imposed condition whereby the international and domestic apostasy have oppressed all of the earth, and it is difficult on us to show up in public and conduct oaths of allegiance publicly, so our current condition is the exception as we mentioned, but we dispute the talk and statements of Hamid Al-mams statements improperly, to respond to his statement that the State is not strong and that the Emir is in hiding and so on. Also, a response has to be made against the Islamic army, and I have read many responses to them, one of which is the response of Shaykh nt response but it looked like it was done in a hurry, and the matter required several responses that were detailed, objective, and frank, without accusations on the intentions; but discussing what they presented, but there are important points which are on high degrees of importance that must be addressed, which is that the charter of the Islamic army considers the tyrant governments as infidels and calls for fighting them, and the reader of the Islamic army statement, the charter and doctrine of the army will see a distinct difference between the statement and the charter, and such clear discrepancy should not be committed by the leaders of the Islamic army, for example: Their charter included calling the tyrant governments and their armies apostates and especially on that point, it is obvious that the majority of the Mujahid groups and their leadership knows that calling the tyrants apostates is a corner post of the faith, while the preparer of the statement is criticizing the state. When the state said that the country is an infidel country, the statement preparer is indirectly defending the tyrant rulers, while the rule with the scholars is that they judge the country by the doctrine ruling it and that does not necessitate that the people living there be infidels. Also, the objection of the statement author on the brothers in the state saying that Jihad is a compulsory duty since the fall of Andalusia, as the reader of the statement can smell the same Sururi that had been contained by the Saudi regime, so that is an issue that warrants disagreement and exposure, despite the unanimity of the scholars opinions that the optional becomes compulsory if the country falls in the hands of the infidel. Finally, the article should show the picture of the struggle between Al- and international and domestic infidelity, and that idea must be stressed and concentrated on in the introduction, body, and conclusion of the article and in every subject written on that issue, while signaling that the cause of conflict between us and the groups stems from the convergence of their interest with the interest of the rulers in failing and confronting ISI, so they went ahead with a faulty and unsavory interpretation. If someone is convinced of what I mentioned above, then please incorporate that in their writings and statements, while coordinating with the brothers who will write on the subject, Allah willing, I will issue a speech to the nation warning them of the fatal mistakes of Hamas leadership, as confirmation of what you spoke of on that important subject. Attachment 1 - a copy of statement of faith and I am keen on you reading it and giving me your feedback before I publish it, and I thank you in advance, knowing that one of the brothers read the statement and thinks that it is somewhat harsh, and my conviction is that you have to say the whole truth, even if it angers or surprises the people, as that was the case with our prophet (PBUH) in the beginning of the message. It is logical that talking to people should be gradual in what their minds comprehend, except that talking about the peak of the matter and understanding of the Shahada, saying that there is no god but god, and talking about what spoils it is a matter that cannot tolerate graduation. As there are millions of people including many of whom belong to the Muslim groups who have fallen into infidelity works due to the elections of the legislative councils, so it is imperative to do the duty even if it angers them. It is also obvious that with passage of time, a generation of the Muslim brotherhood started to believe that the rulers and his apostate regimes is a Muslim, as long as he wrote in his constitution that Islam is the main source of legislation. -and even worse, I heard their Shaykh Al-Qaradawi say that openly. As far as the people of Al-Khayr and your proposal of solving their crisis, that is a good matter, and please task Karim with that issue. - As far as the work in the location where Abu Humam Al-the in-law of Abu Al-Hassan Al-Misri, was taken from, Shaykh to do something specific there. Shaykh the brothers, the Baluch and the Kurds. The subject of Shaykh Abu Al-Layth and his brothers: regarding Shaykh Abu Al-Layth and his brothers, their final opinion to join Al-is mentioned against it of negatives, because the brothers who are in the prison in Libya are not qualified, also the brothers who live in the West; they live in a condition of fear from these regimes and personal instinctive fear for self, family, and children, is having a great effect on making the right decision, and the subject should not be pending on either of the two groups, Allah affect theirs and all of our release. And I see that the brothers who are free from the pressures of the infidel like Abu Al-Layth and his brothers, they should swear allegiance to an Emir for them to replace their imprisoned Emir, Allah secure his release, if they have not already done that, and if they have done, then they should declare it to the public, and the conflict that will come to them from their brothers in the West; because the new Emir will be much less than what will happen due to their joining Al-, because the Western governments will force them to disavow their groups joining Al- or they will face accusations of being members of Al- While the subject of choosing a new Emir is much less sensitive, so if the matter is done, announced, settled, and declared over the media more than once, then after that they join Al-; that will ease responding to the objections of the brothers in Libya or in the West in an easy, quiet, and soft manner in an objective way and that the brothers are under pressure from the governments that they live under, and the prophet (PBUH) said that a judge should never rule between two when he is angry. And that we invite them to join Al-announcing that for two or three months, until things settle down and stabilize, Allah willing. As far as the conditions, they are bigger for us than to restrict their efforts only in Libya alone, while they have in you, Shaykh Allah have mercy on his soul, and our -Wadud; a role model, that is my opinion on the matter, so please remind them that unity is a duty and it should not be postponed. And praise Allah, Al-does not have discrimination of any ethnicity against others or entities against others. - In your message, you mentioned that you attached a file titled on that subject, and I did not find the file in the attachments. Accordingly, I do not know what was meant, but I stress to you that moving to other distant locations is very dangerous and that you should avoid it. - As far as the brothers in Yemen, they said that they had a choice between working or getting captured. Accordingly, there has been a choice to work on limited targets. - Uthman to send you a copy of these aforementioned statements because the chip is too small to accommodate them. Please review them and give me your opinion: They are statements about: - To the American people. - To Muslims in Pakistan. - To the brothers in Iraq. - Comment on the last will of Al-Shihri (Allah have mercy on his soul). - To the European people. - A statement that belongs to the Islamic Emirate in Iraq, to consult with the brothers there, and if they approve it then it can be published in the name of the jurisprudence; please review these statements and inform me of your opinion and comments. - In closing, I am waiting for your messages to calm down my worries about your condition and benefit from them, and I ask Allah to protect us and you from all creatures, and our last claim is praise be to Allah the God of the here and thereafter, and peace and prayers be on prophet Muhammad (PBUH) and his family and all his companions. Attachment: Statement of Faith In the name of Allah, the most gracious the most merciful, we thank him, ask for his help, and repent to him, and ask him to save us from ourselves, and the evil of our deeds, as who Allah guides him cannot be lost, and I testify that there is no god but god, who has no partner, and I testify that Muhammad is his O ye who believe! Fear God as He should be feared, and die not except in a state of Islam. O mankind! Reverence your Guardian-Lord, who created you from a single person, created, of like nature, His mate, and from them twain scattered like seeds countless men and women; - reverence God, through whom ye demand your mutual rights, and reverence the wombs That bore you: for God ever ye who believe! Fear God, and always say a word directed to the Right: That He may make your conduct whole and sound and forgive you your sins: He that obeys God and His Apostle, has already attained the highest achievement. The most truthful of things is the book of Allah, and the best guidance is the guidance of Muhammad (PBUH), and the worst of things are the improvised, as each improvisation is a trend and each trend is a loss and each loss is in hell. My beloved Islamic nation, Peace be upon you, and mercy of Allah, and his blessings. Allah almighty But teach (thy Message) for teaching (51:eligion is advice for Allahbook, his prophet, the imams of Muslims and prophet Had said to his people after they accused him of lying and craziness, which is the same way the prophet followers are being accused today. He said: "O my people! I am no imbecile, but I am an apostle from the Lord and Cherisher of the worlds! I but fulfill towards you the duties of my Lord's mission: I am to you asincere and Trustworthy (7:67-68) So it is incumbent on Muslims to advise each other, and on that I say, Allah knows that I am an advisor to you, caring for you, wishing you the best of the here and thereafter, as you are my brothers in religion, and the religious brotherhood is the link between faithful, it has duties and rights, of which the most important is advising and recommending the right thing, and to advise patience. Advice is important; the religion revolves around it and we cannot stay on the righteous path without saying the truth, and the person doing that should not be afraid of anyone reprimanding him, and that kind of advisor is becoming a rarity these days, due to negligence of many of the scholars and tyranny of all the rulers, and it has become a rarity to have scholars sticking to the truth, and who will say their word to the people without fearing their anger, which is where the nation is hit, and got what it is suffering from of indignity, humiliation, oppression, injustice, loss, breakdown, conflict, and even more dangerously, their being ruled by king decrees and chief laws, and being distanced from the laws of their God almighty. Abu Zar, Allah be pleased with him, told us about the last will of the prophet (PBUH) nd he ordered me to tell the truth even if it is bitter, and not to fear anyone in saying which was narrated by Imam Ahmad, f-Khadri, Allah be pleased with him, et no one of you be prevented from saying the truth if he sees or hears it, it do not make a death closer or make a livelihood further to say the truth even against a dignitary and o not h prophet of Allah, how can we degrade ourselves?hat he sees something he owes to Allah to say about, then he does not say it, and on the Day of Judgment Allah asks him what prevented you from saying this and that for me? And he says: I was afraid of people, and Allah will say, it I whom you should have feared? Narrated by Ibn Majah, with correct tracing. So that is the way we have to follow. And some of the truth that I remind my nation of may be very bitter, but bitter medicine is curing, so we have to be patient with it, and what I mean by saying the truth, even if it is bitter, is to describe things clearly and honestly without fear or change from governments groups or persons, to remove from the religion the falsehoods of the liars and find the path of the faithful and follow it, and to detect the methods of the criminals and avoid it. In that I warn from using the methods of many of our opponents, which includes making up things, lies, insults, or cursing, but I follow the book of our god and Sunna of our prophet(PBUH), where Allah said, And let not the hatred of others to you make you swerve to the wrong and depart from justice. Be just: that is next to piety: and fear God. For God is well-acquainted with all that ye do.08) nd our prophet (PBUH) saidA pious is not a liar, a fraud, an insulter, or a curser,-Turmuzi and Ahmad; so avoiding lies and insults and fraud is something, and warning the nation from its enemies, even if they are of us, by describing them with their real description and being tough on them is something else. As Allah said, O Prophet! Strive hard against the unbelievers and the Hypocrites, and be firm against them. Their abode is Hell - an evil refuge indeed. And Allah provided the verse of Al-Tawba, which scandalized the liars, their excuses, and their deeds in staying behind from Jihad, of which, hey had plotted sedition before and upset matters for thee, until the Truth arrived, and the Decree of God became manifest much to their disgust. (9:48) And he said, Among them is many a man who says: Grant me exemption and draw me not into trial. Have they not fallen into trial already? And indeed Hell surrounds the Unbelievers on allsides (9:49); told of Al-Jad Bin Qais, who is one of the apostates. There are acts that have sjurisprudence, which the rulers and their minions kept away from the people hearing, so you may reject them because you have not heard them for a long time. For example, if a ruler takes over an apostate country and supports it against Islam and Islamic people, and the scholar says that he is a ruler, then I call things what they are, as that ruler has committed a violation of Islam, which makes him a kafir and a rejectionist of the religion, which imposes duties, like denouncing him, disobeying him, and deposing him; and the scholar here will have become an infidel, so as the words describing Islam, piousness and faith were mentioned in the Quran hundreds of times, also the words describing infidelity, apostasy, rejectionists and hypocrisy, were mentioned hundreds of times, and these are proper names that we call on the person whose deeds justify being called these names, to be remanded to justice and punished with punishment for apostasy, which is the highest punishment to preserve the religion and protect it and its followers, so that they are safe in the here and the thereafter. And of the verses that mentioned hypocrisy and infidelity in people who claim to be faithful, they say Shihada (TN: that there is only one God, etc.) but it will not help them, as they did not honestly say it or work by it. Allah said, And the Hypocrites also were told: "Come, fight in the way of God, or at least drive the foe from your city." They said: "Had we known how to fight, we should certainly have followed you." They were that day nearer to Unbelief than to Faith, saying with their lips what was not in their hearts but God hath full knowledge of all they conceal.(3:167) And it does not hurt us what the rulers and those in their orbit say about us, that we are apostates, as every Muslim in sound mind knows of our innocence of that, but the rulers aim at preventing us from ruling with the word of Allah and imposing it on them and their like, and they also want to kill that great punishment so that they have it their way in apostasy and support of infidelity. And when the duty to speak the truth got delayed, especially against what the rulers committed of violations to Islam, generations were raised in the middle of the wrong, while thinking it was the right, and they grew on that, so if they were reminded of the right they thought it was the wrong, and they were cheated in that with what they found their father and scholars doing, with the exception of those whom Allah had mercy on, and people were burdened with following in the tracks of their parents and ancestors. So people have to investigate before they follow in their tracks. Allah said, found their fathers on the wrong path; so they too were rushed down on their footsteps! (37: 69-70) And in the middle of these situations shadowed by wrong, groups for call and reform were formed, headed by leadership that had zeal for their nation and Islam, who were seeking to establish the religion and return the Caliphate of the Muslims, and they looked and found the international apostasy opposing them, and the domestic apostasy following and supporting the international apostasy, while they were limited in number, and they lost their thinking and thought that there was no way to establish the religion unless they recognized the legitimacy of the apostate rulers and appeased them, which was the utmost loss, as instead of removing and replacing the ruler when they had the ability to do that successfully, they changed their faith to adjust to having the supremacy and absolute obedience to the king or the president. And with the passage of days, the veering to wrong increased, and the distance from truth increased when there came leaderships that made entry to the reforms pass through the gate of democratic apostasy. So where did their brains go, where did their faith go? So that they enter into that endless circle of apostate actions, while in reality they stayed where they were, harvesting loss, and apostasy and hypocrisy are spreading more, so those leaders failed to lead their groups on the righteous path, but themselves and their groups became part of the political organizations of the tyrant governments, whether they were in governance or in the opposition, and they failed to be up front with the members of their groups about their weakness towards conducting the main mission, and what should follow of resigning and leaving the field to others of their group to save them from the darkness of loss, and the dreams about them to lead to safety vaporized. And that was the catastrophe for the nation in these leaderships, and that catastrophe was a close one to the catastrophe of the apostate political leadership, and power is only from Allah. And from here corruption greatly spread, and the countries submission increased, and the callers to right and prohibitors of vice weakened, and the decision became in the hands of the infidels, and the victims of not saying the truth to preserve Islam became in the hundreds of millions, and I was one of those, as after I became an adult, I remained for long years negligent in conducting great duties, because the scholars I knew did not speak the truth, and accordingly, I did not get to know it, so it became incumbent on me after I learnt it to warn my nation of it, and to say the truth with full freedom, away from the oppressing rulers influences, and to plug a gap that very few worked on plugging, and put a brick in that structure that many advisors found it difficult to do. And the greatest I want to advise on is understanding the and adhering to it, and the greatest I want to warn of is the great apostasy, which he who adopts it is lost, we ask Allah to protect us from apostasy and apostates, and that great apostasy is now adopted by all the kings and presidents of all the Muslim countries, Arabs, , with no exception, and the scholar of India Shaykh Abu Al-Hassan Al-Nawawi, said several decades ago, that it was a great apostasy that even Abu Bakr was not up to, and the Arab thinker Shaykh Muhammad Qutb also wondered several decades ago, when he titled one of his A, nderstandings That Must be Radvise my nation to read them, except that this advice of mine and some that preceded it is a fruit of the scholar of scholars, Shaykh Muhammad Ibn Ibrahim, previous Mufti of Saudi Arabia. I severely blame anyone who was able to tell me a word of truth, but he suppressed the truth and did not relay it to me, until part of my life passed, power is only by Allah, and I will mention the fatwa of Shaykh Ibn Ibrahim in the folds of my talk, Allah willing. As there is no way out of this loss except by saying and following the truth, so we say the truth to everyone, the ruler and the scholar, the leader of the party and the Emir of the group, and to every shepherd that Allah gave a flock to care for, and all of you are shepherds and all of you are responsible for your flock, even if it angers many of the people or become surprised like the infidels of Arabs in the past got angry when they were ordered not the made the gods all into one God. Truly this is a wonderful thing!) That meaning which they were ordered with is what I am advising you, that we do not obey other than Allah almighty and his prophet (PBUH), and anyone who orders to disobey the creator should not be obeyed regardless of who he is. And Allah almighty ordered the prophet to sound the truth, even if it annoys people, and to avoid obeying or appeasing the infidels, and he talked to him, thou art commanded, and turn away from those who join false gods with God.15: 94) And he said, Unbelievers, but strive against them with the utmost strenuousness, with the .25: 52) And he said, hearken not to those who deny the Truth. Their desire is that thou should be pliant: so would they be pliant.68: 8-9) And we are followers of our prophet, and there has been an error among many of the creatures, whereby they think that Al-is the majority of people, and accordingly think that they have the right on their side, but the correct is Al-, as what goes along with the truth, even if it is you alone, as Ibn , Allah be pleased with him, said, and that is clear to he who understands it, and here is an example: If a tribal Shaykh gets infected with gangrene in his foot, and the doctor tells him that the foot must be amputated, but his tribe, which is more than a thousand, says that the treatment is not right, would anyone in his right mind say that it is not possible that a person is right and that the whole tribe is wrong? No one can say that, and that does not mean that the doctor argument is better or stronger than the whole tribe argument in everything, but the doctor offered that disease to the science of medicine, and that was the treatment from that science. The same is the sickness of the nation today, as its remedy is not from the whims and opinions of the people, but from a science that Allah brought from the top of seven heavens, so there has to be admittance that the extreme majority of people have no say or opinion on issues of specialization, like jurisprudence or medicine. And someone may say, ok, we agree to that, but the majority of the specialized scholars see that the right is with the ruler, and the minority sees it otherwise. Then I say: Truth has strength on its own; it does not get stronger by an increase of those saying it is the truth, or weakened if the supporters decrease, but what counts is the proof and evidence, so he who establishes the proof then he must be believed, and he who the evidence proves wrong, then his statement is wrong, and the person looking to verify the statements must ensure the conditions required for the true statement. A judge, if offered an issue of jurisprudence that he lived through and knows Allahjudgment on it if he is under some negative pressures that would affect his judgment, like anger, fear, or greed in a monetary or political bribe or other influences. And the prophet (PBUH) said, a judge should not judge between two opponents if he is angry, and Imam Ibn Al-Qayim, Allah have mercy on him, said, He who restricts that to anger is lacking in Jurisprudence so if we take a look to the majority of the scholars who oppose the minority, we find that they live under the rule of the king or president, and those scholars are two groups: a group that hates the ruler and his misgivings, and those who are the majority and they are wrong if they did not migrate, as they say that they were forced to support the ruler as they were afraid of arrests. And a group of hypocrites who support the ruler because they want what he has of status and money, and both statements are rejected, I only have to say in that matter that there are known issues from the religion as necessities, like praying and fasting; and prohibited, like stealing, infidelity, liquor, financial interest, and supporting the infidels against Muslims. So in all these issues, Muslims are all scholars as Al-Nawawi said, Allah have mercy on his soul, so ask yourself, why did not you go one day to the broadcast station or the newspaper, and offer them an article that denounces the interest-paying banks in the Muslim lands and in your own country specifically, and tell them that this is prohibited by religion, and that it is a law that violates what Allah ordered, which is great apostasy that gets a person out of his religion? And you will get answers from yourself with many things, of them is that the media will not accept that article, because it opposes the religion of the king, and if you say that to the masses of Muslims in Friday prayers, then the government people will take you to prison and torture you, and yourself will say to you, who is to care for your children? So that what in reality stops you from saying the truth is the same for what stops the scholar from saying the truth, and pushes him to support the ruler, despite his hatred to the ruler, and it is beneficial here that I stress a truth which is that similar to the fact that all the commercial stores are obligated with the instructions and laws of the ministry of commerce, so they sell what it allows and not sell what it prohibits, and he who violates that is punished. It is the same condition with the scholars, group leaders, and preachers, as they are all obligated with the instructions and laws of the ministry that runs their affairs, except who Allah has mercy on, and he who violates them is to be punished. Accordingly, as it is a waste of effort to look for anti-tank guns in the markets of Cairo, Amman, and Riyadh, for example, to send to Iraq and Afghanistan; because the Ministry of Commerce criminalizes and punishes he who does that. It is also a waste of effort to find a scholar to ask about the apostasy of the ruler under whom he lives, because the authorities prohibit talking on that issue, and accuses the scholar that issues a truthful fatwa on that subject that he is a terrorist and going after bloodshed, and must be punished, and that scholar knows of the story of the monk, the child and the king, and that the monk told the child, you will suffer, so do not tell on me, and when the child was tortured he told about the monk, so the monk was brought and sawed with a saw, and was killed in the path of Allah, which is a good death. So many of our scholars did not take the lessons from that story which was told in a Hadith that was narrated by Muslim, that they have to be steadfast in the truth, even if they die for it, as happened and the child was killed, like some youths today who believe in their god and have understood that great meaning, and fought for Allah, and were killed in his path, which is the greatest win; while many of the elderly have a survival instinct, and they realized that when the monk asked the child not to tell on him, was expecting an unreal end; so they took the shortcut, and suppressed the truth, and some of them may even be so fearful that they would say falsehoods, so beware you Muslims. So a truth seeker should look for the truth by him, which is easy in our days with several means. And the summary of it is that a majority or a minority does not matter, but the correctness of the evidence is what matters, so I ask my Muslim brothers that if they hear something from me that they have not heard before, that they should take it slowly and not in a hurry, until they check it against the book, Sunna, and unanimity, and then what suits the truth, then take it and what does not then reject it. So you, sons of my beloved Muslim nation, Pay attention to me and listen to me for an hour, an hour that I pray will be the reason for our safety in doomsday, "The Day whereon neither wealth nor sons will avail, But only he will prosper that brings to God a sound heart26:88-89) And the meaning of a sound is that the heart should be void of apostasy. And almighdoer will bite at his hands, he will say, oh! Would that I had taken a straight path with the Apostle! Ah! woe is me! Would that I had never taken such a one for a friend! He did lead me astray from the Message of God after it had come to me! Ah! The Evil One is but a traitor to man!25:27-29) So you slave of Allah, beware, and be keen on safety, and there no one that stops you from taking the path of the faithful? And who is stopping you from taking Islam as your imam and as your companion? And who is stopping you from deserting and abandoning the allies of the devil, who are trying to sway you from Allah? So go to worship Allah only, and denounce apostasy and its people, as what the sinner is wishing, is between your hands; so do not procrastinate and waste the days, and do not let the world with its temptations tempt you, as in doomsday the unjust wasters will see that a lifetime passed as if it were of Reckoning will be established, the transgressors will swear that they tarried not but an hour: thus were they used to being deluded!55) So you slave of Allah, you have a cool fortune, so take hold of it and exploit it, And I have collected for you texts that will help us understand our religion, and guide us to the righteous path, Allah willing, to make it easy on you and bring it closer to you. I did not collect these texts from the people of whims and desires, or of the sayings of the hypocrite scholars, who tailor the religion to appease the ruler, but I collected them from their pure sources that you believe in, the book of Allah, the great , who if a person adheres to it, succeeds, and who turns away from it gets lost, and I collected from the Sunna of the respected prophet, the imam of guidance, Muhammad preach and prayers be on him, and from the sayings of the trusted Islam imams. And in introduction I say, that the majority of the past nations lost the understanding of the religion, and the adherence to the right path, while they thought they were guided. One reason of their loss is the cunning that is done day and night, which is done by the masters, the kings, the presidents and the hypocrite scholars. They got lost while they are barefoot farmers, and they got lost when they were skilled manufacturers, so a lot of thinking and investigating must be done a lot, so here they are in the West today, headed by America; they definitely think that they believe in God, and they are so much in that belief, that America wrote that on its dollars. And the truth is that they are imagining, as any fair investigator, even from them, other than Muslims, knows that as belief in God requires following his doctrine, there should be absolute obedience to Allah orders in all aspects of life, so how about those who parted in belief, and separated religion from government, then claimed they are believers, as what they did is the obvious loss? And I will give you an example to explain apostasy, as the example will summarize and clarify the statement, so I will say: that example is like a person who owns a store, and he hired a person and told him, ell the goods and give the proceeds to me So he started selling and giving the money to other than the owner, so whom of you agrees to that, as you believe that Allah is your creator and your god, and the creator of this earth, and he owns it, then you work in his earth and property without his order or obedience, and legislate in difference to his laws, so that is a mutiny against him, that makes a believe an apostate wise men of our nation should revise their belief, when they see hundreds of millions of their kind have chosen the path to hell, while they think they are on the right path, so maybe some of us have been lost like they were lost, while at the same time thinking that they are believers as they were thinking, and if the lessons are large from the loss of these millions of the people of the book over the centuries, then the lessons are bigger and more profound to beware of loss and apostasy, if we know that many of the sons of our nation have clearly lost, in the best of times, while they think that they are on the right path like the postponers and the rejectionists, and many people are nowadays on the doctrine of the postponers without knowing it, and that predicts and warns of the range of the great danger that a Muslim falls in if he neglects to know his religion and did not take care for himself. Which is that he will be committing some Islamic violations, and he will fall into apostasy and worship a tyrant, while thinking that he is still a Muslim. And while some people deal with their life situations with probability factors, or with inaccurate information, as this is a matter of correctness of his religion and his safety from apostasy, which should not be left to a followed habit or inherited information, that he did not confirm to ensure the safety of his Islam, and he does not leave that to a public opinion, that was established by the rulers to misguide the people away from truth with their different methods, using terror and fear, even if they brought scholars forcedly into the matter, as if the person thinks he is on the right path does not necessarily make him so in jurisprudence or in mind. And to explain the matter, I say: that many of the sons of the nation adhere to the official religion of their country (which in its constitution is said to be Islam), while in truth it is the religion of their kings and presidents, and in it they are allowed to pray, fast, pay alms tax, and go to pilgrimage, which are all corners of Islam, they are also allowed to say and repeat the first corner of Islam the Shihada that there no god but Allah, and that Muhammad (PBUH) is the messenger of Allah, without applying the requirements and implications of that great corner, as the rulers have eviscerated it of its contents, then people are told, that is Islam, so they believe it and think that they are on the right path, and to the knot of their religion they are holding strong. Except that the truth is very bitter, as many of the sons of the nation have been deceived grossly, and were hit in their religion, Islam, they were deceived in understanding of what Shahada means, and that it is the head of Islam, and its main corner, so if it is correct then their Islam is correct, then what remains of Islam if the main corner is gone, then Islam of the country, Islam of the party, Islam of the group, and Islam of the person are nonexistent, if the share of the main corner is only to be recited, without knowing and working with its meaning, which is to worship and obey Allah only and to avoid the apostates, then there is a huge difference between the real truthful Islam, and the religion of the kings that they fraudulently call Islam, as the difference between them is the difference between light and darkness, and it is the difference between the rule of Islam and the rule of pre-Islam, it is the difference between freedom and slavery, as the true Islam religion is here to liberate the slaves from worshiping the creatures to worshiping the one and only Allah that have no partners, and the religion of the masters, the kings and presidents, and the hypocrites of the scholars, on the contrary, it is a religion that have been established to enslave us, by distancing us from the truth of our religion and take away our freedom and rights, steal our money and deepen our divisions, and submit us to them in the name of Allah the most gracious the most merciful of nationalism or authority, and humiliating to us and entrenchment of our belonging and obedience to the masters and dignitaries, in every person and by every name or method, and he who sees the judgments by apostate laws, and saw the submission to America, and its bases scattered in our countries, and who saw Palestine under the burden of occupation for nine decades by the hands of the crusaders then the Jews, and who saw disease, ignorance, and poverty rampant in hundreds of millions of the sons of our nation, despite the great riches in its land, and what is there of catastrophes, sees the truth of what I am saying that our countries are ruled by the religion of the kings and presidents, and the hypocrites of the scholars, and not with the religion of Allah, and of their great cunning is the fraudulent testimonies, using the domestic and external media means, that glorify the one leader and his cronies, which is provided by thousands of humans day and night, not for a week or a month but for decades and generations, poetry and prose, headed by the scholars of evil, who witness in the name Islam that came to liberate us, they testify in its name that the country is on the path of Islam, and that the ruler is a good Muslim to enslave us to them, so how great is their cunning and how large is their hypocrisy, as they are laying to Allah, and the effect of that on people is like magic, so it paralyses the brains of many of the sons of the nation, and the effect of that on people is like magic, and it make them imagine that the path Page 33 of the apostate ruler or scholar, which leads to hell, they think it is the right path, so they follow it and it misguides them totally, that is why the meaning of the Shahada, the meaning of worship, the meaning of Islam, and the meaning of tyrant should be known. So study the subject of our religion, and let us together review the meanings of these words, and to start with I want to stress that the extreme majority of the sons of our nation worship Allah almighty, as the crowded mosques are a witness to that, and those are two parts: A part that worships Allah alone and pays great attention to the so those are the ones on the right path, and they are the ones headed to paradise, I pray to Allah to make us and you of them. And the second part, worship Allah and worship others with him, even though some of them do not feel it, and those who are lost and who conducted acts of apostasy, we ask Allah to protect us from apostasy, and the reason for that is that the meaning of is no god but Allahtheir mind is badly distorted, and fixing that distortion is the core of our subject: In the definition of worship and Islam I say: Islam is a religion of ease, no ambiguity, embarrassment, or difficulty, it is easy to understand for all people, Arabs or tongues, color or ethnicities, with no difficulty or suffering, regardless of their intelligence levels, because it is a religion of instinct, it has no apparitions, complications or illusions, it responds to human, soul, mental, and physical needs in moderation and balance. As Allah almighty created everything, created earth and heaven, created the creatures and gave them a doctrine, and sent them a messenger that he who obeys will go to paradise, and who disobeyed entered hell, that doctrine is Islam, and I relay to you the definition of the scholars of it in short words, as the meaning of Islam is submission to Allah only, which includes the utmost loving, submission, humility and obedience. As he who submits to Allah instructions only, in all his then he is the Muslim, so any one can find it easy to understand that. And to increase clarity I say: there are similarities but with a vital difference between the prisoner of war who surrenders to his capture and the person who surrenders to Allah only, whereby obedience is a must in both cases, so it is not surrendering if there is no obedience to his captor, and also he is not a Muslim who did not obey Allah alone, in all his orders. But if the obedience in a person to his captor is fear from him, the great corner in a person who surrenders to Allah is love to him, As the sign of loving Allah is surrendering to him only, adhering to his doctrine, and following his prophet (PBUH) and that is Islam, Allah Say: "If ye do love God, Follow me: God will love you and forgive you your sins: For God is Oft-Forgiving, Most Merciful.3:31) And after defining Islam as surrendering to Allah alone, we come to defining worship and defining the tyrant. So worshiping Allah is obedience to him alone by doing what he ordered and leaving what he forbade and prohibited. Al-Hafiz Ibn Kathir, Allah have mercy on his soul said, nd his worship is by doing what is ordered and leaving what is forbidden, and that is the reality of Islam. As for the definition of the tyrant, Imam Malik Allah have mercy on his soul defined it as: The tyrant is any that is worshiped other than Allah; and the definition of Ibn Al-Qayim, saying that the tyrant of any people is: all that they seek his judgment, other than Allah and his messenger, or worship other than Allah, or following without keeping sight of Allah, or obeying what they know is not obedience to Allah, so these are the tyrants of the world, if you look at them and look at the condition of the people with them, you find that most of them turned from worshipping Allah to worshipping the tyrant and from obeying his messenger to obeying the tyrant and following him. So the first tyrant that Ibn Al-Qayim mentioned is the one that they go to for judgments, other than Allah and his messenger and Hast thou not turned Thy vision to those who declare that they believe in the revelations that have come to thee and to those before thee? Their real wish is to resort together for judgment in their disputes to the Evil One, though they were ordered to reject him. But Satan's wish is to lead them astray far away from the right.4:60) And Ibn Kathir Allah have mercy on his soul said that is denial of Allah almighty, and an insult to who claims to believe in what he inspired to be his messenger (PUBH). While he asks other than the book of Allah and the Sunna of his messenger for judgment, and that is what is meant by the tyrant here, and anyone that seeks judgment from other than what Allah inspired and ordered has decrease his faith as shown in the verse. The author of Al-Fatih Al-Majid,beyed what Allah and his messenger (PBUH) ordered by ruling among people with other than what Allah ordered, or asked for that from others to fulfill his whims; he has taken the wrap of Islam off his neck even if he claims to be faithful, as Allah has denied that to whom he wants and made them liars in claiming the faith due to what he said (claimed) as the word claimed is usually said to things that are not true, and that is confirmed in his saying rant is a basis of oneness, as in Al-Baqra verse of , that going to the tyrant for judgment is believing in him. That great discrepancy in faith, which are rulings among people other than what Allah ordered, has tarnished all the rulers in all capitals of Muslims without exception, and there is no power without Allah, the detail of what that means will follow later. So he who obeyed Allah alone in all his affairs, worshiped him, and did his due rights to Allah , then comes the meaning of the Shihada (there is no god but Allah, and I say that these great words are the invitation from Allah to all people, and are the best words that a human says. Pages 37 to 45 ord said by a human being and it is the difference between disbelieve and faith. Through it is the true creed if its meaning is understood and determined to work accordingly; it is the head of Islam and through it begins our life upon our birth, we the sons of Islam as permission will be granted and upheld. With it the life of the content will conclude, as we witness it Allah, No partner Hath He and God has the glory and power over all things) -Sahiha 1503 Hadith. Not an apostle did We send before thee without this inspiration sent by Us to him: that there is no god but I; therefore worship and serve Me. "Verily, I am God. There is no god but I: So serve thou Me (only), and establish regular prayer for celebrating My praise. For, Believers are those who, when God is mentioned, feel a tremor in their hearts, and when they hear His signs rehearsed, find their faith strengthened, and put (all) their Trust in their Lord; Who establishes regular prayers and spends (freely) out of the gifts We have given them for (Hadith) - Islam is to testify that there is not God other than Allah and Muhammad is the Messenger of Allah also to pray, to perform the duty of the Zakat (Almsgiving), to fast during Ramadan and to perform the duty of the Hajj if you can for the cause of Allah. According to Abi Hurayrah Islam is to worship Allah and Allah only to pray and perform the duty of the Zakat, to fast during Ramadan and to perform the duty of the Hajj. The Muslim union today endures from the idols, the Arab and the non-Arab (Persians) similar to what our masters had to endure may God protect them for an obvious reason. The union ignored its commitment with the words of Allah. The Muslims then understood that Allah is the supreme power, total obedience only goes to Allah. The Muslims also understood it as worship to Allah only. disbelief and destruction of the ignorant creed establish the in other terms he will have control over all our affairs meaning the entire worship controlling over our life affairs go to Allah only and we shall be his servants. He who obeys Allah, the Almighty means he worships him. Islam is to surrender to God Only. Then you can differentiate between the Islam path, its people against the path of apostasy and its people. If you wanted to know whether you have selected the path of Islam or not, you need to assess your obedience and surrender to God only then thanks be to God, you would know you are on the right path the real Muslim is the one who surrendered to God the Almighty whether an individual, a group, a party or a state. Because the supreme reference in order and prevention, analysis and repentance is in the creed of Allah the Almighty; otherwise they would not be considered Muslims even if they were to fast and pray. There is no authority in the state that is not compliant to the Islam authority. The ruler in the Muslim state has no authority independgovern the world with creed. That is why Allah blamed the people of the book of the Jews and the Christians because they were considered polytheists. They take their priests and their anchorites to be their lords in derogation of God, and (they take as their Lord) Christ the son of Mary; yet they were commanded to worship but One God. there is no god but He. Praise and glory to Him: (Far is He) from having the partners they associate (with Hi9:31) (Pharaoh) said: "Believe ye in Him before I give you permission? Surely this must be your leader, who has taught you magic! be sure I will cut off your hands and feet on opposite sides, and I will have you crucified on trunks of palm-trees: so shall ye know for certain, which of us can give the more severe and the (Pharaoh) said: "If thou dost put forward any god other than me, The text of the noble book and the Sunna as well as all the scholars agreed that he who does not follow the creed and the Now, let us look into the rulers and the governments of the Muslim countries; we shall classify them into two categories: The first category: states it is committed to the creed of Islam and wrote it in its constitution: Islam is the sole source to all the legislations such as laws and lists for example Yemen; its previous constitution used to indicate that the right for command and legislation goes to the President and members of the Parliament. In this category the ruler claims he is committed to the Islam doctrine in all of his life affairs such as the country of the Haramayn. This category needs to mention little evidence to clarify its truth unlike the second category which issues is clear and had announced it. Before we move to the other category I say: What Sanaa and Riyadh had claimed regarding their commitment to the creed of Islam is an extremely important matter however there is a condition for that which is to have a truth. We look at the reality in Yemen first who does the ultimate say and entire obedience go to? The theorist sees that clearly that it goes to the president The people believe all that and the evidence to what I am saying are numerous however I shall stop here. The destruction of the American destroyer Cole in Aden port carried out by the mujahidin had several and important evidence war against the Muslims, whether in Afghanistan or other Page 53 countries by opening the Aden port to provide its war ships with fuel. The scholars had indicated that supporting the infidels against the Muslims is considered amongst the ten contradictions of Islam; changing the names does not change the truth behind the designation. Treason, support, assistance of the infidels against the Muslims does not change the reality in its designation in a contract to provide facilities and other similar designations which no doubt, are facilities but these are for the enemies of creed such as the crusaders to murder and besiege the Muslims to defeat the creed. Then those who one of the interviews about the contradiction of his stance. So how would he then request from the countries surrounding the Zionist existence to open their borders to send men from Yemen to support their brothers in Palestine? Then it appeared he was helping America in its war against the Muslims he then asked the inquirer: why talking just about Yemen? Here are countries in the area receiving American fleets and their bases are spread in the entire Gulf countries; he was right in his statement however this does not change his crime and his answers. He was asked about the armies of the Arab countries and their role in for parade. He was right in this as well and added that they were prepared to curb our people and not to fight the Jews and America - what the Iraqi army was doing in Iraq, the Lebanese army in Nahr Al-Barid and the Pakistani army in bombing the tribal areas in Waziristan, bombing and breaching Al-Ahmar mosque all these are evidence. So what do the military maneuvers mean between the U.S. Forces and the armies in the area? Such as the Gulf countries, Yemen, Egypt, Jordan are they to liberate Palestine or to frustrate any popular movement to liberate these gents and its command over it? These armies are one of the biggest passages to embezzle the Here we return to the speech of the Yemeni president who admitted of his crime and treason that he had supported America in its war against the Muslims, similar to the rest of the Gulf countries and other countries in the area; and by doing so, he did not leave the opportunity to the hypocrite scholars of evil to find him any excuse as they had committed several Islamic contradictions through their support and assistance falsely regarding a situation or statement indicating that the brother, the president was a Muslim as they claimed. This was also similar to the church men in previous centuries while distributing documents of forgiveness. I return to recount the evidence and said: who gave America a military base in Aden when it wanted to occupy Somalia. Wasuitable Muslim with his men, the scholars of evil, and the evil media who should be useful to them to learn that the people had woken up and may no longer be deceived and to say that this military base was given to America to save the people of Somalia. So how would the children believe that? And the weapons and the American support to the Jews to kill our brothers in Palestine, the massacres of Muslims in Bosnia, in the areas under the control of the United Nations after America had prevented weapons to the Muslims there, and the topic does not allow us to discussing together many events on the Yemen land as the supreme order goes to the president and not to Allah the Almighty such as giving some Muslim roots to the Christians similar to the issue in Hanish island and its surrounding after the crusaders were in control. With the immensity of this event, several scholars and preachers of the Reform Party in Yemen forgot who the ultimate say goes to. They made strong statements in announcing the jihad to take back the islands in answer to the order of Allah the Almighty. The instructions came from the one possessing the ultimate say in Yemen remain quiet and remember who the ultimate say goes to so remain quiet and do not say a word; consequently, all the islands were not taken back - the individual his faith and a portion of the creed land is sold, for the sake of Al-Iman University that has become an election media podium to the president, the apostate and his party. -Razaq Bin Kamil who killed the Al-Munasiriyin (sic) in Jablat Bab on Yemen territory while spreading the Christian creed and convincing several Yemeni families. The Yemeni justice ordered his murder in conformance America. Then when one of the lions of Islam killed a prominent socialist atheist in the parliament, the president of Al-Iman university defended him and said: he was praying and it is the honor of praying - the blood of those preventing Zakat so how then would they deny the command of the Lord, praise be to him to this extent and confuse the understanding of creed, O director of the Iman University? Would a reasonable man advise these people to return to their creed, to migrate and split from those who oppressed them? Who helped America to enter with its war planes to kill the hero the muja-((Harithi)) and his brothers on Yemeni territories? Enough said that the people who destroyed the destroyer Cole should know the truth that the Yemeni justice did not convict the traitor who betrayed the group and the nation, and did not down his state, did not order to remove him or indict him - rather the dutiful mujahidin were sentenced; those who defended their nation and fought their adversaries. The question here becomes, are these justice rules from the creed of Allah or the becomes clear that the word of the president prevails and is the most high and that the president walks in the path of paganism and ignorance. The people should rebel against him and remove him. He who gets weak would clear himself as he would be disliked and his disbelief would be denied. Similar to Al-Hadith 6250 (He amongst you who will find one that denies his faith should change him with his hands, if unable, then with his tongue and if unable then with his Page 57 heart because this is the weakest faith) Sahih Hm, M4 by Abi Let us now look at the situation in the country of the two holy sanctuaries - who does the ultimate say go to? Is it to Allah, h Bin -its protection similar to the Ghasinanah kings with the Rum in the past The observer of the actual situation in the country of the two holy sanctuaries would no doubt notice that the order and the final say goes to America then to its deputy in Riyadh, its spokesman. Everyone is aware of this truth, the harsh and the lowly even the children felt that after the religious approaches were replaced in answer to the orders of the White House. The fact that increased the clarity of this truth was the ingress of Riyadh in an international campaign against Islam designated It selected Riyadh in this involvement, a leading light which does not need any signal or evidence. Also the evil tyrant campaigns in chasing, detaining and killing the sons of the holy sanctuaries. It shed the blood of what I consider the most pure blood and mixed in the most pure and holy land dirt to satisfy the enemies of Allah - there is no power and might other than with Allah. God the Almighty said: O ye who believe! take not the Jews and the Christians for your friends and protectors: They are but friends and protectors to each other. And he amongst you that turns to them (for friendship) is of them. Verily God guideth Also the towers of usury in the length and width of the country, and its competition to the holy sanctuaries and minarets is an evidence that the analysis and interdiction goes to the king and not to Allah, which is a huge difference between permitting usury and the eater usury. The eater of usury is the perpetrator of the biggest sins; its perpetrator would not avoid the punishment of his religion even if dead and would not repent as he was ordered by Allah the Almighty, even if he had wished for pardon or torture. However our discussion on the permission outside the rule of Allah, and indictments of the legal commissions with human rules as opposed the almighty had said: What! have they partners (in godhead), who have established for them somereligion without the If we had wanted to expose further indications on how the regime be lengthy; however I refer to this statement in an advisory committee whereby we collected evidence. You can review it and hd regarding the latest had the biggest impact on the agent of America in Riyadh. It the fates and financial capacities of the nation. It also had a substantial positive impact on Al-it was the main reason for our expel from Sudan due to the reaction of the ruler of Riyadh on that address; the statement forced him to relinquish his pride and reconcile with Khartoum after a boycott that lasted five years and in which Sudan had failed every attempt in ending it to no avail. Until the statement was issued, and the Riyadh Minister of Interior called directly his Sudanese partners and requested an urgent meeting. In the meeting he told his partner: Consider all the problems between us have ended if you stop (issuing) these statements; he was referring to the mentioned statement on his table as the statement was a link between Riyadh and Khartoum. The immigration then began to Afghanistan once more but the situation does not allow elaborating the details of all the events. Now, let us move to look into the second category of rules and the governments of the Muslim countries; I have this in my hands and say: If one of these rulers belittles the Messenger of Allah, peace and prayers be upon him or if he belittles Allah, praise and glory be to Him so what would his ruling be? No doubt he is an infidel of the nation. The important question proposed here is what does it mean to human laws. This act indicates several possibilities such as: 1. The individual believes that the human laws are better to the deficiency was ascribed to God the Almighty and to his messenger, peace and prayers be upon him. This is the biggest apostasy in the (Muslim) nation. This criticism and irony are similar to the irony of the crusader newspapers in Europe and America towards Islam and the messenger of Allah, peace and prayers be upon him. well as the rules of law and constitution; as such this belief would make Allah on a par and a partner in that rule which is a biggest apostasy of the nation. Allah the almighty had said: They have no protector other than Him; nor does He share His 3. For the arbitrator of the rules of human positive law to say with the positive law - no doubt is a liar in his cases. The nature of human beings would drive them to chose whatever is best; here is an example: if you were to go to a doctor and he would prescribe a medication for you while en route, you would hear of a ingenious doctor you would go to him and he would prescribe a medication costing the same price as the first medication, then you would use the medication of the second doctor; this action of yours would have more than one possibility. However, this is not to say that the first doctor is better than the second and here is the fatwa of Shaykh Muhammad Bin Ibrahim, former mufti of the land of the two holy sanctuaries in positive law. He had said in his letter for the enactment of laws: The biggest apostasy to make things clear is to bring the evil law at the same level as the faithful soul, onto the heart of Muhammad, peace and prayers be upon him In a letter addressed to the Prince of Riyadh at that time regarding positive law implemented in the Chamber of Commerce in Riyadh, he indicated it was apostasy of the (Muslim) nation. This fatwa came in response on what we had previously mentioned the regime accusing the mujahidin of apostasy and that they are youths and are easily attracted; they came with a strange and imported mind and while in reality this is a fatwa that emanates from the center of the Arab peninsula. It is from the mufti of the country in his era who is a Shaykh amongst the prominent Shaykhs owed by most of the scholars whom you show in your media services. It is a well-defined fatwa in which it was confirmed that the positive laws were the manufacturing of humans applicable in the Chamber of Commerce in Riyadh. He indicated that the matter was apostasy from the nation and other seekers of knowledge had provided a fatwa such -Rahman Bin Hasan Al Al-Shaykh in his book, Fatah Al-Majid Someone might say that this issue is several decades old and the country had responded to the advice of the Shaykh as it dropped the positive law I said: however the reality proves the opposite. Here are hundreds of scholars and preachers who had provided the proposed advice to the rule and confirmed the presence of tens of legal positive law commissions that rule amongst people So who is at fault is it the youths who implemented these clear and pure fatwas derived from the noble book and the Sunna? Or is it the ruler who is at fault who refused to answer to the advice of the general mufti to surrender and rely upon God only in all of his affairs in life ; also relying on his strength in luring and attracting several seekers of knowledge and coercing others. He then prevented printing and distributing the fatwas of Shaykh Ibn Ibrahim I say to the rulers and scholars of Riyadh there are some specific issues mentioned in this statement and in previous statements concerning several Islam contradictions that the regime had committed but you were avoiding discussing it; you cheated and performed interferences on the common people with means opposed to those of the knowledge seekers, however in compliance with the apostate rules and their supporters in the police services. This is what Pharaoh had done when faced with the argument, so he resorted to lying and deceit as well as to force by terrorizing the adversaries in confirming his evilness. Now we move to the second category of rulers which is clearer than the first category. They abbreviated the route to students of knowledge and to those queering as to whether they were Muslims or infidels. The countries had indicated and in various terms in their constitutions one meaning which is rebellion against the rule of God. The ultimate authority and the supreme representatives, the president and the king. As an example and not limited to, the constitution of the Arab Republic of Egypt legislation authority which is clearly indicated in the primary characteristics of tcouncil involves Allah, the Almighty in the legislation which is the biggest polytheism of the nation as I had mentioned previously. All governments and the rulers of the Muslim countries capitals did not deviate from these two categories; the final say in both categories goes to the people and not to Allah the Almighty; so the Islamic world countries? And many people are unaware. I would say this is the truth albeit bitter. Now I realized that all the rulers in our Islamic world do not This is leading to the path of hell so what are we supposed to do in a situation like that. I say: this is the deaf catastrophe and the blind disaster in having times free of the caliphate and the imam in all the Muslims countries and all at once - which was unprecedented in its long history until this past century. We are today in a situation where the ignorant rulers preside leading those who obey them to hell Despite this deep darkness to this crisis that engulfed our world for over a century there remains a stream of holy light that shines our path; many people are unaware or are opposed and this was in the Hadith narrated by Hudhayfa May God be satisfied with him. The evilness that Hudhayfa had feared had veiled us and there is no power and might other than with Allah. Thanks be to God that Al-Sahabi Al-Jalil had agreed to this question in this instance and may Allah reward him and us well. It was made clear to us from this discussion that the exit of this great crisis that came tens of centuries after him that the orator and the actual situation of the Muslims would find that their rulers in this time are preachers at the gates of hell. They slander he who responds to them the way out and salvation from the gates of hell are all one issue. Despite the large number of people of faith which is mostly the jihad for the purpose of Allah, the matter remained in one compartment only which was the solution and the way out from this crisis - as God, peace and prayers be upon him (you hold the Muslim people and their imam responsible) So, do the Muslim people realize the importance of this absent duty; it is the duty of the hour, I mean committing the Muslim people and their imam so who are these people and where are they? I say: either they are present then they should be held responsible Or they are not present, therefore the need to seek to find them should there be means. If we are unable then the matter remains ongoing as it was mentioned in the Hadith by isolating these wayward teams; the key intended ones are the governments in the Arab and Islamic World every group circles around its orbit and is entrusted to it, even if named an Islamic name Today there are groups affiliated to Islam worldwide especially in the countries of our Islamic world. Does the total of these groups form the Muslim group? Or one of them is the Muslim group so we could commit to it? Would the Muslim have done his duty if he committed to any group of these groups? In reality, the groups that belong to Islam and claim to be adopting the approach of the first group, the messenger of Allah, peace and prayers be upon him, and all of his companions are numerous. The claimant should carry out the argument based on the honesty of his cry. Until we can recognize the group that was achieved and enjoyed the characteristics of the first group; we need to know that every saying has a truth to clarify it. He who is truly committed to the approach of the first group, he no doubt should be antagonized by the idols and their supporters; that is the reason why Quraysh returned the first group and today in light of the authority of the ignorant governments, those who hold on to the truth would be bit by the swords of other mankind. Allah, the Almighty had said: (Thus have We made for every prophet an enemy among the sinners) (Al-(For the Unbelievers are unto you open enemies.) (Al--101); (We sent (aforetime), to the Thamud, their brother Salih, saying, "Serve God.: But behold, they became two factions quarrelling with each other) (Al-Namil-45) This is a scale that the Muslim can use to differentiate between the people of truth from the people of falsehood no doubt hostility should be apparent between them Should there be a group opposed to these apostate governments, who treat them as apostates, then the antagonism and hatred should be apparent between them. This would be a strong indication of the first group. (There is for you an excellent example (to follow) in Abraham and those with him, when they said to their people: "We are clear of you and of whatever ye worship besides God. We have rejected you, and there has arisen, between us and you, enmity and hatred for ever,- unless ye believe in God and Him alone" (60:4) In this verse, you see how Abraham, peace and prayers be upon him cleared from his people and looked at several stances from the scholars and the preachers, as well as the leaders of the groups from his people and his compatriots. They did not clear from the book of mullah or the people of novelty who consider a And the Christians such as in Egypt and others under the pretense they are citizens so the internal front of the country would not disperse. These people with the ultimate say are for the country and their ruler and any other introduction to the faith, which is considered apostasy and the apparent misguidance. Whenever a group, under the umbrella of these apostate governments adopted the idols and is in comfort and calmness, its leaders would appear and would act while they are as well confident. The group would then neglect a great existence that the first group had adopted which is to treat the idols as infidels and to go against it. So how then if we know that many of these groups participated in the polytheist legislative council of representatives and each one who knows the truth about these councils know that the representatives of these groups had swore to God the Almighty to commit to the constitution of their idol state. The reality of this action by its doer is that he swore to God the almighty that he would obey the legislations and the rules of the devil meaning to mock Allah and his messenger, peace and prayers be upon him and to his creed which is clear of this nefarious activity. Ibn Tamimah, May God have mercy on his soul. So did any of the people of these groups think when he went to the elections to select a representative for them in the reality of their action? He was tasked to do and carry out the polytheist section and participate in the polytheist council on their behalf so then how - when the polytheist ruler comes to you, you will avoid him; and if he passes by you as a scholar or a guide, you will take advantage of him. These pagan actions treason in these deceitful years how can you do that in the name of Allah consider what happened with the people of the book, who obeyed their scholars in analysis and repentance and as such became pagans. God the almighty said: (They take their priests and their anchorites to be their lords in derogation of God, and (they take as their Lord) Christ the son of Mary; yet they were commanded to worship but One God. there is no god but He. Praise and glory to Him: (Far is He) from having the partners they associate (with Him).) (Al-Tawbah 9:31) The honest amongst the sons of these groups which are many should commit to the right path benefit from their honesty and to act strongly to return the group to the same right path. They should ask their leaders, the idols and their partisans to repent and should not participate in their pagan legislative councils this is an advice from one who wants the good for you. I hope you will accept this in your hearts. Now that I learned that the great blackness of these groups is not associated with the Muslim group that you are looking for to seize, you need to know that the key points that differentiate the group adopting the approach of the first group, after holding on to the truth and with its enmity towards the idols, is fighting for justness and determined to unify the word under the work of unity. Perhaps the state of Islam may be absent similar to what happened in the previous century and perhaps the Muslim group and their imam would also be absent; however the faction that fights under the order of Allah shall not be absent and the messenger of Allah, peace and prayers be upon him had said: (a sect of my people continue to fight for what is right and are apparent to those who are against them until others fight the anti-Christ Thanks be to God, we live at a time when several creeds fight by the order of Allah in various Muslim lands; I mean the creeds and the groups adopting the approach of the messenger of Allah, peace and prayers be upon him other than the groups that did to our faith what no one has done and entered in the pagan legislative councils the need to support the combating creeds adopting the approach of justness such as in Palestine, Afghanistan, Kashmir, Somalia, Chechnya, and in the Islamic Maghreb as well those who helped the mujahidin in their unity against the infidels and the apostates. I warmly welcome our Al-Wudud I ask Allah to firm your steps and to render you victorious; that He will accept your endeavor in unifying the word of the nation to erect a state of justness and to kill the state of falsehood and to accept their jihad in fighting the crusaders and the apostate rulers. Despite the need and importance to support the mujahidin everywhere, the turning pole of the international crusader war is carried out against Islam today; Baghdad where the war and the battle are blazing and where the crusaders under the leadership of America to conquer Iraq and to be a beginning to increase their influence in the entire area. They built permanent military bases and the largest embassy in the world for that purpose. The war they believed was going to be an easy stroll became a crucial war not only at the level of the presidents who trapped many heads but at the level of tyranny, terror, despotism, killing, armed robbery carried out by the crusader/Zionist alliance countries against the entire world and against the Islamic world in particular. The thorn of the tyrants was broken with the grace of Allah, then with the effort of the mujahidin on the land of Iraq. Many combating sects fought the crusaders and the apostates and their banners were more lifted, with better control after a large number of these sects and tribal noble and free Shaykhs hurried to unify the word of Allah. They met and swore bayat to their emir who is -Baghdadi. This is how a big group of Muslims was formed to fight for the interest of upholding faith and many to commit to the right path. The infidels were in deep sorrow and the Muslims were extremely happy. They had an important order they had awaited for many years; the people of Islam should support the mujahidin, commit and provide them with money and youths Now I know that the biggest duty after the duty of belief in our situation is to commit to the Muslim group and their imam. This is the first and biggest step to get out of this shame, wayward and loss; and to enter under the shelter of the Islamic state which is considered the biggest duty after belief and to drive away the assaulting foe. What you need to know, that from experience in this world, on the path to Islam, the devils, the jinns and the members of the human race would repulse you for the cause of Allah, therefore you need to be cautious of them as Allah, the almighty had said: Do men think that they will be left alone on saying, "We believe", and that they will not be tested? We did test those before them, and God will certainly know those who are True from those who are false. So how would know these individuals who repel the people from the right path. I say that these have the devil in front of them, among them are those who are repelled from God' true faith by the temptations of live and its trappings. These people are not afraid for you. However, the dangers are those who are repelled from Islam in the name of Islam. These are the ones who the prophet worried Page 74 about us from, may his name be honored, (I am afraid for you after me from the knowledgeable hypocrite.) Sahih 1551, and he said (I am afraid for my Ummah from the misleading Imams) Sahih 15. These are abundant in our time, and their deception is enormous, and these years are similar to the deception years that the time will come when people will be deceived, the liar will be believed, and the truth teller will be a liar, the traitor will entrusted, and the trusted will be made a traitor, and al-roubaidah will speak, when asked what is al-roubaidah, he said Those who look hard enough will see it clearly, and to prove that, it has been tens of years that you have been hearing testimonies that people believe in with it being right. When we accused them a decade and half ago, that they betrayed the Ummah, they accused us in our faith, and God willed it that their lies and treason of the Ummah has been exposed, one after the other. The one who is called the Guardian of the two Holy Mosques, his treason has increased, after he invited the crusaders to invade Iraq. His faithful crown prince, his embezzlement of thousands of millions, in the Yamama deal was exposed, among others. The independent judiciary as they claim has not lifted a finger in this case and hundreds of others. This deals with what is called the guardians, who are false and slanderous. Furthermore, the chief justice testifies with the rest of the hypocrites, who swear to the king and his brothers as rulers, claiming they (king and his brothers) are truthful, honest, and wise and are reliable, in front of the local and international media that they control. The worst part about this is the evil Ulema bear witness to him in the holy house, in the holy country, during the holy month, without a stutter or shame. This is an alarming and very dangerous, that their cold heartedness would reach this level. One is left in the face of such great slander at God and his religion, at his old house, but to say there is no power but - To clarify even further those who turn away from the straight path using various names and methods, I say, Imagine in front of you a collection of circles, tie them together well, forming a basket, in the first circle place the imams of apostasy from among the Jews and Christians, like Olmert, Brown and Bush, who said about Sharon that he is a man of peace, and he who spent half a century committing atrocities in Palestine and Lebanon, and Olmert followed him with another massacre. Anyone who supports the imams of the Christians, first among them Bush, is in the second circle of the basket, I mean the rulers of Muslim lands Arabs and non-Arabs without exception, in spite the differences among them in their support, and I start with the ones who are most deceptive to Muslims, and great apostates and hypocrites are the traitors of the two holy mosques, then the traitor of Egypt who allowed Crusader ships to pass through the Suez Canal to occupy Muslim land. Then the traitor of Jordan who is an agent of the Crusaders, him and his father to al-Sharif Hussein, and let it be known that his -father Abdallah ibn al-Sharif Hussein, is the one who signed the document that allowed the Jews to establish a state in Palestine. Then he is followed by the traitor of Kuwait who made it in a big land base for America, to use it to launch attacks to burn our family in Iraq. Do you ask till when this injustice and its executers will continue to enjoy safety and security there? It them, they are but plotting a scheme, And I am planning a scheme. Therefore grant a delay to the Unbelievers: Give respite nt, 15,16, 17). Also the rest of the Gulf states that opened its land, air and sea to American troops; then the traitor in Pakistan Parvez, who betrayed Muslims in Afghanistan, who allowed fighter jets to fly from his land to invade Muslims there; then they are followed by the rulers of our Ummah, who joined in the global war against Islam in various degrees. This support for apostates invalidates their Islam. and who is involved in this case, because they are in the middle of the events, they are the most evil and people do not know this, they are the ones meet by the previous Hadith, (I worry about you after me, all hypocrites have a tongue). This circle includes anyone who supported these tyrants in any shape or form; he is like them that is an apostate like them. I urge my -Fahd, may God release him from the jail of the tyrant of Najd. For anyone who took these tyrants as his own, supported them in any way, then he is in their ditch. These can be divided into two groups. A group who are diligent using their pens and tongues, we will shed light to be aware of them, and what is distinctive about them after they gave their allegiance to the ruler and supported him, he opened doors to address the Ummah, through the mosques and visual, electronic and audio media to falsely testify. The ruler does not permit anyone to address the public unless he guarantees he is loyal to him, for fear he might alert the people to the rulers treason to Ummah and community. For example, the ruler of Riyadh dismissed 3000 preachers in one swoop, because they gave their oath of loyalty to God and not the king. Many of these imams/preachers did not declare the king as an apostate, but their crime was that they did not lie to people; and did not perjure themselves by saying that the king was a good Muslim as others have done, those who were misguided. If the king removed these who less than a 1000 people listen to their Friday sermon, how would he allow them to address millions among the Muslim community? This is possible, it has become clear that most of those who appear in the official media, in most of the countries of the region, their main purpose is to mislead public opinion, and to falsely testify about how good the ruler is. Yet those who are worst criminals, the Ulema and preachers of evil, those who mix truth and falsehood, and they lead many astray, and God has praised good Ulema in the Quran, been Our will, We should have elevated him with Our signs; but he inclined to the earth, and followed his own vain desires. His similitude is that of a dog: if you attack him, he lolls out his tongue, or if you leave him alone, he (still) lolls out his tongue. That is the similitude of those who reject Our signs; So relate the story; perchance they may reflect., (al-For Ibn Al-Qaym has a sound word on this issue. Then in the third circle of evil, the mufti and official Ulema in every Islamic state, their loyalty to the ruler is very evident, they praise them and testify to their Islam, in spite of their deviance from Islam and their alliance with the apostates. What is more dangerous than those aforementioned Ulema are those who support the ruler and they are in a non-official capacity? These Ulema are devious and cunning, they appear in non-official media, like al-Arabiya and MBC among others, these channels that want to spread outrageous behavior among those who believe in Islam, by talking in the name of Islam, and in their lessons they undermine those illustrate the treason of the ruler to Ummah and community. In their role they give the ruler legitimacy, approve of his rule, strengthen his position, and fight his enemies. This is the secret why the ruler allows them to travel and address the public, inside or outside the country. As an example, in the land of the two mosques, not many youth are allowed to travel because their loyalty is truly to God and not to the King, but their unofficial Ulema who support the sultan, travel and appear on television any time they want, because the king is confident of their loyalty. It has been said that many of those who support and give their loyalty to the ruler can be excused because of their ignorance. I said that this is not true and I give this example: If an officer form the land of the two mosques or any gulf state, helped Saddam during his invasion of Kuwait, he would have been court-marshaled, because he would have committed high treason. The ruler would not have accepted any excuse to forgive him, even if he belonged to the army for 20 years, and had served the king and country as they say, and he belonged to al-Saud family and is from the tribes of the Arabian Peninsula, but by supporting Saddam that erodes all previous loyalty to the king and service. To say that people are ignorant, they would not believe that one of them is uninformed by this conduct. Here I say, how do you understand and comprehend that those who support the enemy of the king committed high treason, and you do not understand that to support the enemy of God who is the highest example, and those rulers in the region who supported America in its war on Islam? This is possible. Anyone grants his loyalty to these tyrants who gave their loyalty and allegiance to America, and participated in its war on Islam, and made Muslim lands American bases to occupy Afghanistan and Iraq, people must repudiate them as God had said: O ye who believe! take not for protectors your fathers and your brothers if they love infidelity above Faith: if any of you do so, they do wrong. (al-Taouba 23), and He said: And he amongst you that turns to them (for friendship) is of them.. (al-Maida 51), i.e. that is like them in apostasy. So it is a must to repudiate oneself from these tyrants and those who obey them. One asks what is to be done with these Ulema after their hypocrisy and allegiance to the tyrants is exposed? I say: It is necessary for Muslims in dealing with these, is to dealt with the first hypocrite, Abdallah bin Abi bin Soulk, he had a place every Friday with the prophet, and he used to say to people this is your prophet, God has blessed you by him so support him. Listen and obey him and he would sit. At the battle of Uhd and he failed Islam and its people, and he returned with one third of the army, and the war ended. He got up to preach as he used to, but Muslim took hold of his clothes and forced him to sit, adding you are qualified to preach. He left avoiding armies Met, was with the leave of God, in order that He might test the believers,- And the Hypocrites also. These were told: "Come, fight in the way of God, or (at least) drive (The foe from your city)." They said: "Had we known how to fight, we should certainly have followed you." They were that day nearer to Unbelief than to Faith, saying with their lips what was not in their hearts but God hath full knowledge of all they conceal. (al--If we return to Medina, surely the more honorable (element) will expel there from the meaner." But honour belongs to God and His Apostle, and to the Believers; but the Hypocrites know not., (Al-Mounafiqoun 8) An imam abandoned his tribe, and among those was Ziad bin Arkam, and he was young, he told his uncle who told who and the official and un-official Ulema for the sultans. They lie to God and the people and deceive people from the jihad in I will mention men among many to illustrate what I have said, the past and I still am concentrating my efforts to warn people from these apostate Ulema, I mean the infidels and their governors. I used to avoid mentioning them by name, and I used to be satisfied by only mentioning the evil they committed, hoping that they would go back to their right minds, disown supporting the tyrants, but to no avail. Their damage to Islam and its people increased, and one might say: it is better to concentrate on the rulers instead of talking about the bad the rulers, but it is important to know that Muslim Ulema have agreed among themselves to expose the hypocrites and innovators. (Imam Ahmad was asked: The man prays and fasts, or the one who talk against innovators, who do you like? He aid: if he prayed he did so for himself, but if he challenged the innovators, this he did for Muslims and it is better.) We must know that these bad Ulema are the first line of defense for a number of rulers and governments of the region. If we expose them and bring them down, people will then become aware it easier for you to bring down these rulers. Among those there was a man of great knowledge, the judge Abd-al-Muhsin al-am and its people, jihad and the mujahidin. He went to the mujahidin during the first jihad against the soviets, and was greatly affected by his experience upon visiting them. I called him personally from the Hijaz, and asked him to stay with the mujahidin, they were in need of him, so he would not be prohibited from traveling as I was. But he thought that he could go back to the mujahidin, and so he went back to Riyadh, and delivered a tirade, he declared the truth and did not care for anything, and he wondered emotionally where is the Islam of the state? Where is its unification? After it adopted four billion dollars to the Soviet Union, which was shedding the blood of Muslims in Afghanistan? He mentioned that one of the shortcomings/contradictions to Islam is to support infidels against Muslim. The king and his supporters got mad. The king and his supporters called shaykh bin Baz, and spoke to him sharply demanding that he silence al--ban, but they refused, noting that it was not part of their responsibilities to fire the judges, because the judiciary is independent as they claimed. In order to solve this administrative matte, which nominally contradicts the king and his brothers, they called the chief justice Saleh Al-Hiddan. He was told of what the king wanted done with al-said he would carry it out. Al-Hiddan discussed the issue with his committee, some of whom said: What should we write as the cause of his dismissal? He did not write anything that would require his dismissal, he did not steal, and he did not receive bribery, and was stricken by a disease that would prevent him from performing his dues. The chief justice said: write he was dismissed based on the requirements of the general good. That was done. As a result of this situation people become sure that there is nothing that is independent in our countries, not the law or anything below it. Everything is under the instructions of the king and the king is under the instructions of America, so deal with it. After al-law and their religion that they established and agreed upon. The world became a narrow place for al-he was a judge in Riyadh, with honor and dignity, when giving orders he is obeyed, an d issues verdicts that were carries out, his visitors were polite to him. In one day he is sitting at home, he cannot give orders, greet anyone, or talk to anyone. If the matter ended by his dismissal from the judiciary, that would have been easy. However, the kings are not negligent in these matters, ever, because al-are extremely dangerous to them, and questioned their legitimacy, and suspected but did not accuse. The Ministry of Interior sent him an army of religious scholars, visiting him during the day and at night. Hey would rebuke him, scold him, calling him insolent, accusing him of being blunt and of dementia. How could he not appreciate the generosity of the king upon them, since he lifted the status of officers and judges, above all others? He responded that for the king to retain his throne, is based on the principle of obedience, through the lies of the hypocrites from among the judges and Ulema when they preach from their pulpits, and through the sticks of the officers and troops. The government campaign continued against al-sedition when sedition is not there, cursing the one who seeks sedition, because that would be harmful on Muslims and Islam, ging about sedition. He was also told that the rulers are good people, and that amir Suleiman if you said to him that what happened was a slip of the tongue, he would accept your apology. So the broken winged judge went to prince Suleiman, to ask forgiveness and repentance. The truth about this repentance is to repent from working with God, working with God, there is no power except with the Almighty. Then the amir received him with joy and happiness, feeling that he (the amir) won against this person who refrained from being submissive, and refused to bow except to God; and now he has bowed and is humiliated in front of the amir. While the amir is pleased that he won and defeated him, but in reality he now despises him, and he fell from his eye. Our judge is now like a commodity no matter how great it is, after the amir had given him money, since then he has changed and has come up with strange things calling it fatwas for Muslims. In reality these fatwas are lies, and strange in nature, even though it is considered fatwas, in reality it is disastrous fatwas, that made good people sad and apostates happy. They have distributed these fatwas in Iraq, asking Muslims not to fight the invading mir of the Faithful. This is the Mufti of the Americans, Abd-al-Muhsin al-baptized by the ruler of Riyadh. So came these fatwas to our people in Iraq, are an affliction on their scourge, adding on grief, and more wounds. r got greater against the oppressors from the people of the two mosques, the king and his entourage, asking bitterly, was it not enough that the ruler of Riyadh conspired with the Americans to occupy our land, kill our sons, destroy our homes, and no a mufti comes along to sanctify the they came to support right and oppose the void, and for that they were to receive a prize, and the pharaoh made them closer to him, and God informed us by saying: So there came the sorcerers to Pharaoh: They said, "of course we shall have a (suitable) reward if we win!" He said: "Yea, (and more),- for ye shall in that case be (raised to posts) nearest (to my person)." (al--114). He judge was given vast rewards and instead of a job, he was given two positions. He became a advisor in what is called the ministry of justice, and became a member in what is called the Shura council, and on top of that he became a companion of the king. This sick soul, poor man they stole his faith with a few shillings, and this world in the near term will be nothing and in death it will all be nothing. He will regret this, but regrets will do no good. The media doors have been Be aware of al-but is an example of what happens in the region. I will give another example, people consider him a good preacher, who offers good advice, and as imam he defends the apostates, and he is active in undermining and demoralizing the jihad through his attempts to back-stab the mujahidin. One is surprised when one reads his excuses to prevent the youth from going to the jihad in Iraq. One wonders, how did he say what he This is what he said when he was asked by one of the youth who showed a desire to go to jihad in Iraq. Listen to what he started his answer with, he quoted the jihadi imam Al-Izz bin Abd-al-Salam. I do not object to the words of this imam, it is a clear issue, but I object that he used it to testify as a way to mislead and defraud people. There is a clear difference in the jihad based on want, and the jihad that is in defense of honor and religion. He continued by saying: It is right and just for the Iraqi people to defend themselves, their religion, honor, land and its own choices. But he added that we see no need for any Muslims to go Iraq to engage in the war, for the following reasons: He gave eight reasons. Some of which is based on the previous ones. The first reason: Most of the war is an air campaign, that is destructive, the object of which is to kill thousands or hundreds of thousands. This method is likely to determine the results of the battle in the short term. I said look at this discouraging and repelling of jihad, his words mean that young man if you go to Iraq, the air bombardment will kill you with hundreds thousands without harming the enemy. Therefore, you should not go, and if you let down your brothers, no one will blame you. He has determined the results of the battle in favor of the enemy in the short term. This forecasts the degree of ignorance about the nature of war and the extent of his own defeatist mentality. Imagine if another Muslim country like Egypt were subjected to an American invasion, the person who said the earlier stuff would apply it to Egypt and would say that the airplanes would determine the result of the war. It is not hidden that America has ambitions for all the oil in and came under the daily control of American forces, if the earlier fellow were in Riyadh he would distribute his fatwa and would say to people: leave the Eastern province and the gulf states these planes will kill thousands upon thousands, and you do not have the capability. If Riyadh were taken he would flee to al-Hijaz based on his fatwa, and if the Hijaz were occupied he would flee to Yemen and so on so forth, until the infidels take over all the land without a fight, based on his misleading, discouraging and strange fatwa. The second reason: The people of Mecca know it best, its conditions, and its geography. I say: If that was an objection to jihad, then Muslims would have remained in Mecca and medina, and sat out the Muslim conquests. Muslims opened the land of Persians, Romans, with very little evidence. If he said this at the time of Omar, the least Omar would have done is to hit him and embarrassed him. This is nothing more than a call to sit out jihad and a letdown of Muslims in many countries. This embarrassing person thinks that the foreigners of New York and London are more worthy of the Arabic language than the Arabs. This excuse is very strange, he starts with a good introduction, to build on it wrong results. The object of which is to delay believed but came not into exile, ye owe no duty of protection to them until they come into exile; but if they seek your aid in religion, it is your duty to help them, except against a people with whom ye have a treaty of mutual alliance. And (remember) God seeth all t-Anfal 72). The prophet says: any Muslim who fails another Muslim in his honor, he fails God who wants his support, and if a Muslim supports another Muslim, in his honor invalidated he violates his sanctity, he supports God in his victory. Imam Ahmed reported, when he inhibits the youth and deceives them in supporting their brothers, through fear from the jihad in Iraq, through his words that I relayed to you. The third reason, may be the enemy looked to and hoped to arrest some of the volunteers in Iraq, for political, public relations, internal and external objectives. I say: this is a form of discouraging to undermine the word of God and his prophet in the a mujahid if the enemy used him in public relations? The answer no harm, but the harm would come to the agents and representatives of America in the region, who were appointed to protect its interest and troops if they allowed their own people to go and fight Ameagent/representative would be get a rebuke from the Ambassador or minister to improve security, or the minister might think of replacing him. As for us the important thing is prepare an answer for the day of judgment. Would it possible for a sane person when asked on the day of judgment if he failed his sisters or brothers in exile, ye owe no duty of protection to them until they come into exile; but if they seek your aid in religion, it is your duty to help them, except against a people with whom ye have a treaty of -Anfal 72). Would he dare say that the people of Mecca are aware of its needs? Would any Muslim find it acceptable, if America were to invade, to answer his brothers in other countries when asked to help, to answer, the people of Mecca are better suited to know tis needs, and add that would be afraid to be publicized by the enemy? This last excuse/justification is a devilish one, the devil did not bring it upon us during first jihad against the Soviets. The ministry of interior in the land of the two mosques, issued an order that I should not enter Afghanistan so that I would not be shown off if the soviets took me hostage, the intention here is not to accuse the ruler of Riyadh that he supports the people of Afghanistan. These kinds of excuses are in the minds of the rulers and those who defend them among the hypocrites. In what religion is it permissible for Bush to come with an army of 100,000 troops from America with the agreement of tens of states to invade our country, then this discouraging person finds an excuse to a few hundreds to assist their brothers in Iraq, without the approval of their government, for fear that they would be shown off by the enemy as he professed. This discouraging person is no different from Al-Jid bin Qais, as he was preparing for the Tabouk campaign, the prophet said ani Al-Asfar? He said, prophet of God, excuse me and do not tempt me, I am afraid when I see the women of Bani Al-Asfar, not being able to wait. So the them is (many) a man who says: "Grant me exemption and draw me not into trial." Have they not fallen into trial already? and indeed Hell surrounds the Unbelievers (on all sides). (al-Tawba 49). He was afraid of sedition from the women of Bani al-Asfar, he fell into greater sedition by falling victim to his own desires. The fourth reason, it had a call to abstain from jihad and abandon Muslims in Iraq, through a number of meaningless questions. He says: The lack of clarity in the global picture regarding the war and how it will evolve? Will the war last long or will it be finished soon? How will the internal situation evolve in Iraq? He said that result may occur that would impact the decision to go to jihad. I said: Jihad had been determined by America entering Iraq, these questions by this discouraging person are to sway people from jihad. The fifth reason, he said to go to jihad in Iraq is like going into a mine-field, if you missed this the other will get you. He said this to discourage people. I said: This is one of the greatest discouragements against jihad. It is no different from the hypocrites saying among themselves go not forth in the heat, , be ascetic in the jihad heat." Say, "The fire of Hell is fiercer in heat." If only they could understand! Let them laugh a little: much will they weep: -Tawbah 81 & 82). As for the sixth reason to dissuade the youth from the jihad in Iraq, he said: In spite of the pain and psychological defeat, the Ummah cannot stop its individual and collective projects as a result of a crisis, but we must endeavor to building the future, and to do what is useful and productive, even if it does not have a direct impact on the event. I said: what he calls a crisis and to need to build the future and do what is useful and productive, even if it does not have a on Islam by a crisis, in order to minimize it, what more do we need in terms of clarity in his call to discourage Muslims and refrain from fighting the Americans. The duty is to call the It is one of the greatest contradictions to call things with other than their real name. We call this event an occupation by to declare the jihad to the people of Iraq, if they cannot or failed to do so, then the responsibility fall to those who come after them as it has been said in the book of Fiqh. In fact the situation in Iraq is a duty that only follows faith and belief in God, as Ibn Taymiyah said. It is known that the mujahidin in Iraq in spite of the passing of the years, they alone have not been able to expel the enemy. But the enemy is planning on staying longer and the mujahidin are in dire need of help from their brothers through their wealth and in person to fight the enemy in Iraq and outside. They need people with experience especially in guerrilla warfare, and potential in other areas. It is important to coordinate that and to look at the differences between the two duties, faith and jihad. One of the main religious tasks after faith in God is to support the faith and until it is fulfilled. What the other fellow asks us to do is to leave one of the two main duties after faith and to engage in building the future and not to stop our own individual or collective projects. I ask is there a future that is acceptable with humiliation and occupation of Muslim lands by America? Then the call to continue the individual plans, which have no connection to supporting the support Muslims. As for the talk about collective projects, I ask are there real collective projects more important than upholding religion and to save the land of Muslims from the crusaders? supporting the jihad, and questioning criminalizes the whole Ummah? If it were all alienated then its interests would be hindered, and you would not be able to absorb a small number of its youth in the fields of jihad. I say: What is an obligation on all (al-because an obligation of adequacy if a few thousand is fulfilled. If we wanted to engage of adequate jihad in Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia, Kashmir, Chechnya and other countries, then the mujahidin will only need an estimated one in ten thousand from Page 95 among the men of the Ummah and its wealth, and this is a very he was talking about? As the prophet said, let one of two men go to jihad, and the good deed would be split between them. What we are asking for is one out of ten thousand and that would be considered adequate, the enemy would then be expelled and the Muslims would be saved. The sin of not participating in the jihad will be forgiven if this obligation is met. The objective of the fellow who gave the eight reasons that not one from the land of the two mosques would go to the jihad so that the king would not be embarrassed in front of America. Where was this mufti when the Ulema of the Muslim world issued a fatwa that the jihad in Afghanistan is a religious obligation during the Soviet invasion, and their planes used to drop six-ton bombs on the mud villages, destroying it completely? The Russians had planes that were three times faster than the speed of sound, and we did not have any power except from God Almighty. But the fight against the Russians did not contradict the White House; but the jihad in Iraq contradicts the policy of the king and his guardian. Ibn Hamza saamir and non-holy, with the winner and warrior, and the individual can invade with the imam and alone if it were there is no greater sin that to forbid jihad against the infidels and ordered for an Islam that Muslims were forbidden to This person who carried the banner of discouragement and dissuading from the jihad is non-other than the imam of the awakening Suleiman al-and Safar al-Hawali and their brothers who led the awakening with great strides forward, angered the ruler, and now this is their role towards anyone who held on to what the prophet came with. I felt sorry for them them to be thrown in jail. So I sent for them from the Sudan a messenger to urge them to emigrate with their faith from the oppressors. They agreed that imprisonment is near and then they were actually jailed. They persevered in jail for a few years; I wish they continued their steadfastness in jail. Prison is a factory for the oppressive ruler, to tame in those slaves who are not tamed, the same way iron is tamed with fire. Also the Ulema of the ministry of interior are at the ready to seduce those who have strayed from the rulers authority, who engage in firmness and toughness, until they tame them and made them compliant to the ruler, until they repent like Al- They were let out of jail, and each one of the awakening members from their nap, and correct their mistake and prove his repentance. They started in their efforts, and after they were warning the youth of the oppression of the ruler, and the questioning of his loyalty, he asked the people to wrap themselves around the ruler, support his state, and to avoid what contradicts his rulership. They avoided any discussion of the contradictions in his rule, but spoke about the rules of prayer that do not contradict the authority of the guardian, like ablution, prayer, fasting and the Hajj, and good behavior, and ties of kinship. There is no doubt that these are all part of the faith, but any talk about the contradictions of the top of Islam and the basis of the faith, it is not mentioned and no one cried for it. They preached about all of that but the essence of Islam. It is like a doctor who was brought an injured patient to save him after a car accident. His injuries were a broken arm and a bleeding head wound. The doctor busied himself to mend the broken arm and left the bleeding wound until the patient died. There is no doubt that any sane person would know that the doctor knew the outcome of his treatment, even though he mended the arm when the patient was bleeding to death. This is the case, what benefit would a person have in learning about the contradictions of ablution, when he is red-handed in contradicting Islam, this makes worshipping more than one God undermine real work and it all goes down the drain. God said: his life), (al-Furqan 23). The Ulema who serve the Sultan are fully aware no amount of ablution and prayer would save its performer from hell, when they his faith is contradicted through his loyalty to the tyrant. The object of these lessons, in the short and long terms, is to tame the ruled and have them obey the ruler and grant him legitimacy, along with that they discourage and greater injustice after polytheism other than prohibiting Anyone who examines the words of al--their ilk, and the words of the ruler of Riyadh, finds that they al, work on the same tune, their goal is to dissuade and discourage the Ummah from fighting America in a jihad. You remember when the crusader armies came from everywhere, and settled in its bases in the Gulf States, the ruler of Riyadh at that time said, he is the one who conspired with America at night. He said that there was no war against the Ummah, and the minister of interior in his meeting with the preachers, he was children go to Iraq to kill innocent civilians, do you accept that? I am surprised when he claims that they are innocent civilians in Iraq. Arabs say when you lie be a man about it. Have you forgotten that you cooperated with the Americans in a brutal siege against the Iraqi people for a number of years? You killed more than one million real innocent children? By stopping the supply of food and medicine, among others from among the Iraqi the truth that you fail to acknowledge is the level of pressure that the Americans are putting on you to stop the mujahidin from the land of two mosques from fighting American troops in Iraq, and the troops of their agents in Baghdad, who is one of your peers in the profession. I have to point out that among the Ulema who fend off religion in the name of religion are less stupid than previous ones. It has been said ttheir religion in this life for a cheap price like a few sake of this life. In any country of ours the general mufti is considered the source of all legal fatwa knowledge, he issues fatwas that endorse the rule of the king or president at the -al-Aziz al-Shaykh. This kind of mufti that we are talking about issues fatwas to people as he wishes to support his sultan or king, where ever his interests lie so does his religion. There appeared in Iraq and Lebanon among other countries bad Ulema, who were showing enmity to America in order to gain the sympathy of the people, and spoke about the revolt against injustice and aggression. Recent events revealed them for what they are. They used to say to people that Imam Hussein bin Ali is the imam of the revolution against oppression and injustice, until their true nature was revealed the imam of oppression and injustice America to invade Iraq, the way al-Hakim family did, who agreed in Europe with America to get part of the Iraqi oil the billions of dollars going to their personal accounts non-other than Abd-al-Aziz al-Hakim and his son? While the Iraqi public are drowned in poverty, hunger and fear as a result of their agreement with America to invade. They have collected against Iraq all the evil in the world starting with apostasy, poverty and fear. I say that Imam Hussein is one of the imams for Muslims, there is no doubt about that in this life or the next, he is an imam who encouraged Virtue and Prevented Vice, Hussein and Yazid who are cousins through their grandfather Abd-Manaf, to fight each other, just imagine if the crusaders in their apostasy, corruption and astray? Would Hussein approve of the actions of al-Sistani and al-Hakim and others, who committed a cardinal sin by running away from the enemy during war. This cardinal sin is one of seven cardinal sins in Islam, but those who ran away call it peaceful resistance. The enemy is in their land, and they ran away, without fighting him, yet the situation did not stop at those sins referred to earlier, but it went further, in supporting the infidels against Muslims, by calling on America to invade Iraq and supporting its occupation. They also joined the army of the American infidels, support them. If al-Hussein showed up, he would have started by cutting the necks of these wayward imams, sycophants and hypocrites. Like Ali al-Sistani, and the hypocrite from the Hakim family, and their ilk, who cry for al-Hussein, but are in contradiction from his principles and his behavior. They ask people to support them in the name of Page 101 religion and for their love of al-Bayt, and their enmity to the apostates, but in reality it is determined by the faith of the -enemy of Islam and Muslims, and the Great Satan, and today it is the ally of Sistani and al-Hakim, and anyone who joined the transitional majlis of polytheism, support America, and follow its instructions. And what has been said about Sistani and al-Hakim, can be said about Hassan Nasrallah and his party, and even more. Being an agent for America is blasphemy, and apostasy without a doubt. As it is forbidden is Riyadh, Amman, Cairo, and Lebanon, it is also forbidden in Najaf and Karbala. As is Fouad Sinora and Abdallah bin 'Abd-al-Aziz, are both blasphemers and apostates for their support and for being agents to America. So is the case with Muhammad Baqr al-Hakim, his brother and those around them in Hariri and whoever is with them are traitors and agents, but Muhammad Baqr al-Hakim and their ilk are heroes, martyrs, and he eulogized him. This is sycophancy, deceit and charlatanism. And what is the difference between Hassan Nasrallah and Fouad s to southern Lebanon to protect the Zionist entity, and stood by say by his own moth that he will welcome and facilitate the mission of UN forces? It is part and parcel of the NATO alliance that is killing our sons and leads our daughters in their homes in Afghanistan? Are Muslims unaware that this alliance led by America is the largest allyof the Zionist entity? participated in this alliance say to their people that we are going to protect the Jews in occupied Palestine? Why are Husni Mubarak, Abdallah bin al-Hussein and Abdallah bin Abd-al-Aziz, agents and traitors, when they approve on resolutions that recognize the Zionist entity? And Hassan Nasrallah remains an honest hero when he approves similar questionable resolutions? He is the one who remained for six years after the Jews left Lebanon, without liberating one inch from Palestine, because the Jews left Lebanon with an agreement with him that they would leave Lebanon and he would not attack them in occupied Palestine. This is what was known as April Accord, and the UN Secretary General who signed it and met Nasrallah in Lebanon to certify the accord, and he became tantamount to a guard on its borders. This is the truth that was mentioned former Hizballah Secretary General Subhi al-Tufayli. And here we must stop and ask about the truth about UN resolution 1701 that Nasrallah agreed to and welcomed. urity Council international instruments in the hands of big powers headed by America to make us succumb and humiliated? the sake of America? asters on top of which was the division of Palestine and giving most of it to the Jews? What is the reality of 1701 on the ground? Does it differ in its essence from the agreements of treason and surrender that was signed by Sadat or Hussein bin Talal the former king of Jordan? One of the main conditions of those treaties was that Egypt and Jordan would be out of the struggle against Jews to liberate Palestine, and to close those long borders in front of the mujahidin. In fact, it is America is the guarantor to the implementation of these treaties, and it has military forces on the border between Egypt and occupied Palestine. If an Islamic government in Egypt, and started to liberate Palestine, the first one that will fight it on the borders would e America and its NATO allies based on those unjust treaties. This is the essence of resolution 1701, it brought NATO forces in order to close the last remaining border to liberate Palestine. th of Ramadan and the treason of Hassan Nasrallah after the Lebanon war last summer in July. Both of which ended in signing resolutions that guarantee the security of Jews, and anyone who wanted to fight the Jews in southern Lebanon would be considered an enemy and would enter a war with the crusader NATO alliance in defense of Jews per 1701 resolution, that was agreed to by Hassan Nasrallah say to the Jews that your government changed the rules of the game, so let it change the rules of the game? expression goes, the rules of the game were limited military engagements, and the rules of the game required that the limited military engagements would not evolve into an open war, is it possible to liberate Palestine without and open war? So the sign of crying over Palestine and having festivals for Al-Quds Day? You are at the borders with it and yet you do nothing except every year or two, by planting a mine or limited engagements. Then when the Jews reneged on the rules of the game and made it into an open war for regional reasons outside the borders of Lebanon, and the Ummah became engaged with this war except for the hypocrites the rulers of Riyadh, Amman and Cairo, and a large number of people became ready to participate through their own wealth or themselves, here is Hassan Nasrallah says in a broadcast: We do not need men or money, and we get pure funds. Are these the words of an honest man who wanted to support religion and to liberate Palestine? He had an open front directly to our occupied land that hold the Al-Aqsa Mosque, with our destitute people on it! Or are these the words of a man who is fanatical about his worldly faith and wants to close the door in front the Sunnis? So that would not have an open front and direct border to fight the Jews, and he became like the rest of the Arab rulers that surround the Zionist entity, that they do not allow anyone to fight the Jews, but they are guards for them. And when these Mujahidin killed some of the Spanish crusaders from NATO, whom he welcomed and allowed to come, Hassan Nasrallah said: This is a suspect/shady act. Here it is necessary for people to ask: Who is the person with the suspect act? Is it those who killed the Spanish crusader soldiers from NATO sent by America to protect the Jews? Or are they those that agreed to the entry of crusaders forces into the land of Muslims with the arms and ammunition? Then what is the difference between you Hassan Nasrallah and Abu Mazen Abbas, when he asked the crusader forces to come to Palestine and HAMAS refused that. HAMAS was correct in that in spite of its participation in the polytheist legislative council. Space does not allow discussing details, but it is necessary for people to read what Hassan Nasrallah and his party wrote, so that they would not be deceived by him and his ilk, and to know who are the real actors of suspect/shady activity. Before I finish I would like to mention some important issues: The reason we were created is to worship and obey God alone, this is the most important issue in our lives, and our life without it is futile. The Muslim is in need to be reminded of this important issue with more than one hundred words every day, and he is in need to remind himself with a hundred words also. God ordered Muslims to appoint a man among them to remind them the worshipping and obeying God every day with one hundred words. God legislated the call to prayer to remind Muslims of worshipping him, and the collective numbers of the words for the call to prayer are fifteen, and the words holding prayer is eleven, the important thing is to remember these words and respond to it. Every word in the call to prayer is a call to worship God alone, except that the most important among them are reflect on what is said and what you say, the sum of which is that you do not worship or obey except on God, so that your heart is fortified from the devil. Also, reflect in prayer starting from the enlargement of wombs, no God but Him and a call to the opening, and what follows that with the two declarations, and with the additions that are in the prayer in the call to prayer, in reading the Quran and reflecting its light and guidance. The secret of the Quran is the Fatiha, and e Fatiha guarantees that worship and obedience to God alone and the one the order of anyone but God alone. I recommend to myself and my brothers to read the Quran and reflect on it. The temptations of this life are many, it is the echo of the heart, and nothing cleans the heart and keeps them steadfast like the Quran. The hearts are turbulent, even Adam said that. The sayi Ahmad (302/6) and Rawa al-Tarmouthi part of it. If the kind, expert, judicious, all-knowing knows that the best way to worship and most pious, the cleanest, and most steadfast may He be praised, in need for the Quran to fortify his heart, Faith say: "Why is not the Quran revealed to him all at once? Thus (is it revealed), that We may strengthen thy heart thereby, and We have rehearsed it to thee in slow, well-arranged stages, Amru, may they both e blessed, in every part there are almost 14000 letters, and every letter has favors, as what came in the Hadith of the prophet, that is to recite part of it would give you 140000 favors. Lucky is the person who starts his day by sermon to us, it has a cure to what is in our chests, and enlightenment and mercy to believers. It is not hidden from you that there are global and local campaign to empty religion of its core and to tarnish its image, therefore, it is necessary to fortify our self each one of us, our families and build a small library that would contain the most important books on the explanation of the Quran like bin by shaykh Abd-Al-Rahman bin Nasser al-ad the Quran. When we are ignorant of the meaning of an aya from the Quran, we need to reference these books so that a benefit is --Nawawi. I also recommend for the brothers and myself to read books that help them understand faith, and fortifies them against difference that sow discord that is invented. I suggest books like Ibn Taymiyah, for those who want to expand, and the book - -al-Rahman bin Hassan. Among the contemporary useful books in -Iman al-Qawliyah and al-shaykh Abd-al-Aziz bin Muhammad bin Ali Al--Latif, and it is a good book. I have mentioned it before the book by Syed Qut-- In conclusion: God Almighty make us love faith, and make our hearts ornate with it, make us hate blasphemy, debauchery, and disobedience. God Almighty make us avoid polytheism and idols, we ask refuge in God from making part of Him something we do know, and ask His forgiveness from what we do not know and ask forgiveness from blasphemy and poverty, and ask refuge from the pain of the grave. God Almighty our God pity our hearts after you lead us on the true path, and if you wish sedition for your people capture us for you shameful and not fascinated. God Almighty give us in this life good deeds, and good in the afterlife and protect us from the pain of hell fire. God almighty show us the truth and have us follow it, show us what is wrong and provide that we avoid it. God almighty join the hearts of Muslims unify them and have them close their ranks, have mercy on their weakness and fix their wounds. O God ratify for our Ummah to be wise, make dear to them their obedience to you, and humble those people who disobey you and enjoin what is good and forbid what is evil. O God open the chests of our young men and women to follow your faith, and give us goodness and piety, and chastity and wealth. O God steady our feet when the feet come down. O God steady and fortify the mujahidin everywhere, especially in Palestine, Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia, land of the two mosques, the Islamic Maghreb, Kashmir, Chechnya and Pakistan. O God, heal their tumors and swellings, join their hearts, and stretch them from you, and make them victors over your enemy and theirs, we have no victory for us and them except you, you powerful and ear. Pray God Bless Muhammad and his family and all his companions, and our last pray is praised be to the Lord of the universe. 17 August 2007 