 In the name of Allah, the most gracious, the most merciful Praise is to Allah, and prayers and peace be upon His messenger and his family and companions. Greetings Our esteemed Shaykhs: I ask Allah, the strong and great, to grant you continued health and certainty, to keep you as a thorn in the throat of his enemy, and a light to guide the Mujahid nation on its path to regain the Caliphate, similar to the days of the Prophet. I also thank Allah for his blessings and this blessing where I am honored to correspond with you and present to you the status of medical side of Jihad on our side. I will start this presentation by describing the construction of the medical organization, the reason for dividing it, the multiple establishments within it. I then will describe the persons who are overseeing treatment of the sick and injured brothers, and the shortage in specialists, treatment locations, and medical equipment. I will finish by emphasizing the close relationship between the return to fighting operations and medical care. First: The Medical Organization The organization is keen on having one or two medics in each company, where a company is the smallest unit. It can be as many as about 20 Mujahidin. The medic provides first aid to his injured brothers, collects and stores the needed medicines, and distributes personal medical kits to the members of his company and monitors them, as well as trying to obtain the needed medical supplies. The medical establishment in the battalion consists of the medical official, who may have assistants if the battalion exceeds 70 persons in number. The regional establishments, which coordinate between the medical establishments in the battalions, conduct some surgeries - amputations and inserting plates in some cases of broken bones. The medical establishment in the organization works on assisting the regions, and maintains the medical training program (which has a very important role) and conducts surgeries that exceed the regional and battalion capabilities. As this structure aims for the presence of the medic and the doctor near the injured and to provide first aid as soon as possible, it also permits cooperation between the brother doctors without having to be posted at one location (decentralization). However, the level of medical care varies from one region to another. It is at its peak in the central region, it is less in the east, then further less in the west, then the Sahara. For example, the brothers in the west depend primarily on honey in treating injuries and use it as substitute when no other pharmaceutical medicines are available. Second: The Medical Cadres Most of the brothers attending to injured have not had training in hospitals but have learned medicine at the Jihad posts. They have received humble training according to the program in the form of a one-month training course. This course is given to those qualified with qualities enabling them to be medics. Note the great shortage of specialists, which in some cases makes recovery time longer; in some cases makes the recovery incomplete; and in some cases, injuries that normally would not be fatal, become fatal to the Mujahidin. This is the case for injuries to the digestive tract, where special care for nutrition and intravenous feeding and specialized surgical intervention is required. Third: Clinics and Medical Equipment In the first three years of Jihad, popular support had an important role in treating the sick and injured of the Mujahidin. Some civilian doctors treated the Mujahidin, and the Mujahidin were able to establish secret clinics in the villages and cities due to the presence of the supporters. They equipped these clinics with the necessary medical equipment. The Mujahidin even admitted some of the injured to the tyrant's hospitals, sometimes due to presence of supportive doctors and nurses, and sometimes with the force of weapons when the tyrant control was incomplete. This is different to what it is now, especially in the areas where Mujahidin are present. Currently treatment is available only in the Mujahidin centers, and there are extreme shortages of equipment and medications. Obtaining them is controlled by law of the tyrant, so it they are difficult to obtain, such as x-ray systems and reviving medications. Thus, a surgery can be delayed for months due to a lack of the needed medication. Fourth: Convalescence and Rehabilitative Care Due to lack of secure rear bases, the injured and the sick must spend their period of convalescence in the Mujahidin camps. Accordingly, the treatment fails in some cases, especially broken bones, as this requires immobilization and minimal movement; this is a thing that is lacking in our camps, as Jihad still is in the stage of attack and withdraw. In the absence of secure rear bases, the injured amputee, the injured blind, and the paralyzed injured still live in the Jihad camps. They withdraw with [the uninjured Mujahidin] and bear what the whole, healthy Mujahidin bear. All our injured brothers are steadfast and are sure of Allah's promises; their hope is that Allah accepts their Jihad and is close for them with martyrdom. Another situation where the amputee suffers is in obtaining prosthetics, which forces them to make and to use improvised replacements. Fifth: medicine and war. As I said before and in our current situation, presence of the injured at the Mujahidin camps at the front has a negative impact on combat efficiency. This is because before any fighting action, we have to take the presence of the weak sick into account and how to withdraw with them. This is a general, short view of the medical situation with us. I have tried to relay it to you as it is in our reality to give you a general picture of it. In the end, and despite all these difficulties and burdens, the Mujahidin are patient and are assured of victory by Allah, and this is the path to Paradise that Allah surrounded with difficulties. They promise all they can, and they do not leave what can be achieved, and no doubt, Allah is our supporter. We want to be a single hand against our enemy. We pray to Allah to crush the infidels and apostates, to bolster the Mujahidin, to cure our sick and injured, and to release our prisoners. And I do not miss relaying our greetings to all the Mujahidin, the supporters, and immigrants, headed by our esteemed shaykhs, Allah protect them. Signed, al-Husayn ((Abu al-Faraj)) Head of the Medical Establishment al-Qa'ida in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) 