 This is a letter from one of our mujahidin with his desire to be sent to Shaykh ((Abu-Yahya al-Libi)), In the name of Allah, most merciful, Most Beneficent To the Honorable Shaykh and knowledgeable scholar, the role model of our time, the light in the times of darkness and injustice, may Allah reward him the best and bless him at all time, Shaykh Abu-Yahya al-Libi, may Allah preserve him, peace, mercy and the blessings of Allah be upon you. This is a letter I am sending to your highness. I was enormously hesitant before writing it to you, since I am not very knowledgeable in the Sharia law and jurisprudence, and who am I to write to you. However, I found it necessary to write this letter to you to bring advice to the nation of Muslims. I was determined, then began writing it, so I urge before engaging in the subject to take my letter with good heart as to what is best in it, and to forgive me for the worst and ignorant parts of it. I know for sure about your forgiveness, your tolerance, and your advice to the Muslims in general, First of all, I am just a humble member of the mujahidin in the Islamic Maghreb. I love Islamic studies and the monotheist scholars who fear Allah most. I read your books and messages, speeches, and all of your publications. You are our role model and guide and I ask Allah to preserve you, notably that you issue fatwas when they are most needed and in difficult times. I want to draw your attention to an issue I am sure that you are aware of. In reality, I read your book, "The Guide to Sentencing the Muslim Spy,” and found it very instructive; it reflects the sure knowledge of its author, and his deep understanding of the trials and tribulations experienced by Muslims today. In this book, I read quotations for some contemporary scholars who created havoc and betrayed the nation, and their main concern was to betray the mujahidin and report them, and by their position supporting despotism and the unjust rulers. I also learnt from advice by our genuine scholars that such people may not be good to advise the mujahidin, and their books may not be reference for jihad. I remember that day when military choppers dropped on us pamphlets signed by their great imam calling the mujahidin to retreat from jihad and to refer to him. We would have appreciated bombs better than these pamphlets. The same Shaykh came again and issued a voice-recorded message declaring that whoever continues to stay in the hills and gets killed, he will not be a martyr, and so forth of his fantasies. We get in conflict with people around here who accuse us of taking them as references, and then when they issue fatwas calling for retreat from jihad, we disobey them. My dear beloved Shaykh, when I say this, I do not accuse you, because I know of your noble intentions, and I know the opinion of scholars about this matter. However, when the matter comes back to a reference and addressing the mujahidin, who are mostly not that knowledgeable in Islamic Jurisprudence, then the matter will be crucial and enters in the realm of bringing benefits and fighting corruption; notably, that some mujahidin take their creed from their books and claim that our scholars take from them, so why do not we do the same? I know for sure that your books contain most of what Salafi scholars had to say. I think that you would do better to refrain from quoting these insincere scholars, because you do not need their knowledge, even if they are right. The problem is not about knowledge, but about the persons and their relations with the mujahidin. In conclusion, I apologize to you for being so daring, but I thought it was necessary to communicate my ideas to you, since you are the light of our path, in times of numerous apostates and bad scholars at the service of apostate rulers. If I am right, then it is advice; if otherwise, please just disregard. Please pray for us to attain forgiveness, because I may have been insolent to address you without knowing what I was doing. Please convey my best greetings as well as those of all the brothers around here to our Guardian, our Shaykh, the knight Ayman al-Zawahri and all the brothers. Peace of Allah is upon you as well as His blessings. Jamal al-Din al-((Akhdari)) 24 Muharram 1431H 10 January 2010 