 In the Name of God, the Merciful, the Compassionate Praise be to God, Lord of the Universe, and prayers and peace on our Prophet Muhammad and all his descendants and disciples. To our Honored Commander of the Faithful, God preserve him and guide his steps Peace be with you, and God's mercy and blessings. I hope this letter finds you and all the mujahidin well and in good spirits. We ask the Almighty to grant you success, keep your judgment, and your aim true, and to steady your steps. I am happy to tell you that things are going well. The enemy is being undermined and weakened in every respect, socially, politically, militarily and economically. America's wise men are telling the government it must reduce the size of the Pentagon budget to lower payments and interest on their (national) debt, which is now a truly astronomical number. The situation requires a bit of patience from the mujahidin, and God willing, the outcome will be favorable to Muslims in general and the mujahidin in particular. Remember the words of the Almighty: "But if ye are constant and do right, not the least harm will their cunning do to you; for God Compasseth round about all that they do." They are caught in a spider web, and there is extreme pressure from the West and inside the U.S. for (the latter) to pull out of Afghanistan because of their financial crisis. You are well aware that some members of NATO -- mainly Canada -- have announced that they will pull out in 2011, and opposition parties in the Western countries are calling for them to get out of Afghanistan. Even Obama believes they need to withdraw in the coming months, as he said publicly, but the Republicans and military generals have been pressuring him and saying that their pulling out would be (TN: seen as) a defeat that would affect their standing and interests throughout the world. (Obama) is telling them what Gorbachev used to tell the Russian generals: "I don't have money to buy milk for the troops. Just have patience, victory through patience, our day will come." On another note, you may have heard the many news reports of people praying in mosques and being targeted in attacks that were attributed to mujahidin -- especially in Pakistan and Afghanistan recently -- as well as attacks on certain markets. Dozens of Muslims have been cut down in mosques and public gathering areas just to kill one enemy, and that is not legally permissible (TN: in Islam). You are also well aware of the sanctity of Muslim lives and the strong admonitions against the shedding of Muslim blood, and that such acts are not part of the "barricade argument" (about whether it is acceptable to kill Muslims being used as human shields by the enemy). With rather little effort, the killing of apostates can be done far from mosques and public gathering places. It was accurately reported (by Ibn Majah) that the Prophet (PPOH) said, "To God, the end of the world would be easier to accept than a Muslim killed unjustly." The Prophet also said (according to al-Bukhari), "The worshipper remains unblemished in his religion as long as he does not wrongfully shed blood." Muslims in general, and the mujahidin in particular, need to hear you cautioning them on the serious matter of shedding Muslim blood unjustly. Finally, we ask that God grant you success in your endeavors and bring victory to you, Islam, and the Muslims, and that He help us both stay steadily on the path of Jihad to aid His righteous religion. We are ready to obey your command. Peace be with you, and God's mercy and blessings. Your brother who prays for your success and victory, Usamah Bin-Muhammad Bin-Ladin Friday, 27/11/1431 H (TN: 5 November 2010) 