 In the name of God most gracious, most merciful Praise be to God and God's blessing and peace upon our prophet Muhammad and his followers To my dear brother, Muhammad Aslam Peace upon you, I hope that you receive this letter while you are in good health and God's blessings. I also hope the father is in good health, and we praise Almighty for what he has bestowed upon the Muslims in Tunisia in their deliverance from the tyrant, and that these revolutions will spread all over the Muslims homelands, which will accelerate the triumph and unity of all Muslims. Today in Egypt, their crowds reached ten million who are seeking to topple the Egyptian tyrant, and likewise in Yemen; in Algeria there is a call for massive demonstrations in eight days. Now, let us start on the topic of our message. It has been eight years and a few months in the company of the brothers who bodyguard us, and they have undertaken great efforts may God reward them. But with the length of the time, they have suffered serious fatigue from the security pressure put on them, and from a long time ago they have been demanding separation from us. You might recall when we requested from the brothers to send someone to bodyguard us, and he came to you but there have been some security observations about him. Therefore he returned back and we are still following up with the brothers, and in the last contact with them, we cannot find an appropriate choice from the security point of view. At the beginning of this month January 2011, we have a written agreement between us and the bodyguards, that within the next 9 months we have to arrange new bodyguards to accompany us. What do you think? Do you have brothers from Pakistan who you know and trust and are fully confident in, ready to bear burdens of accompanying us? Keep in mind that our situation for having them attached is to have security cover so the people can see that in the house are people from the region; as well as bringing procurement from the market. Keep in mind that we are in two separated houses even in the courtyard, and we are making our bread by ourselves, and we buy grain wholesale and the recurring requirement is vegetables and fruits. With regards to our need for doctors, medical needs are very limited. We adopt the principle that prevention is better than cure, and we know the prescribed medicines of the childhood illness such as recurrent cold and the like, and we buy them and keep them at home to be used whenever needed. They do not go out except for dentists and fractures. As for adults, we buy a medicine for most illnesses, which makes going out very rare, almost once a year. If the required qualifications of our attachments are available in one of your trusted acquaintances, and they are on the head of a particular function (post), they would have double of their salary, and we will provide a security cover for them in the place where we will be. We prefer it not to be an order but prefer to have two brothers to accompany us. We prefer them to be full brothers, and if two are not available we will accept just one. Keep in mind that, when we separate from the brothers who are accompanying us now, we will move to another location where we have to prepare a house for us and another house for the brothers. Keep in mind that Khalid knows Pashtu at 70 percent and now would endeavor to learn Urdu, which will help him to go out whenever needed. Note: Taking the necessary security precautions, the meeting between you and the brother's intermediary or from our end should not occur except in closed markets or the like, in order to avoid aerial surveillance. Either the reason of the meeting is to deliver the letters or bring Hamzah. Keep in mind that we had informed the brothers that you have the file of bringing Hamzah. In addition, it is very important that you always keep the phone that our brother uses to call you on. Note: The brothers' situation does not allow them to communicate frequently, and they had asked us that the communication be every three months, which will cause delay in the statements on the important events. Therefore, please inform me with the possibility of delivering our speeches to the media with an independent line different than the brothers' line. And in closing, I thank you for hosting my family and I ask God Almighty that he reward you. Your brother, Thursday 29 Safar 1432 