 In the name of Allah, the compassionate and merciful Esteemed and respected brother and eminent Shaykh Abu-‚Abdallah al-Shafi'i, may Allah protect you May the peace, mercy and blessings of Allah be upon you I hope that you and the respected brothers are doing well; and may Allah protect you from all harms, and may He grant you His victory and near relief. 1. Esteemed brother, I am writing you this brief message; but my feelings and prayers for you are abundant. May Allah accept your efforts, benevolent and good deeds. 2. The Shaykh, may Allah protect him, commissioned us to follow-up with you on the subject of unity, per his concern to grant Islam victory in Iraq; otherwise we will distress about it as we distressed in the past Afghan jihad, may Allah forbid. 3. In view of this, I would like to ask you to provide me specifics on what you think and what you would like to add as observations: A: Would the brothers in Ansar al-Sunnah Army agree on the unity with the Qa'ida al-Jihad group in principle? B: If the answer is positive, what is the suggested way of it, in a detailed picture? 4. We urge you to send a recommended brother from your side, who is protective of the unity, wise in solving problems and entitled to make a decision, in order to stay with us for several months until we are able to make contacts to complete this dangerous (TN: or serious) issue. Lastly, I leave you with Allah's protection and care. I apologize for the short length of the message, which makes it easier for the courier. May Allah grant you success and protection. May peace and mercy of Allah be upon you Your loved brother Ayman al-Zawahiri Wednesday 26 Dhu al-Hujjah 1426 Corresponding to 26 January 2006 Clarification: From the Special Committee of Qa'ida al-Jihad for Iraqi Affairs. In the name of Allah the Merciful the Compassionate: We witness that we, members of the Committee, understood from the brothers Abu al-Darda' and Abu Muhammad, that the brothers in Jaysh al-Ansar al-Sunnah desire unity in principle, but only after reforming the situation of AQI, then they will unify on a correct foundation that is acceptable to both parties. 