 In the name of God, The Most Merciful, The Most Compassionate. Thanks be to God Almighty, and peace and prayers on our Prophet Muhammad, his family, and his followers. Peace and blessings be upon you. My dear wife, I hope that my letter finds you well and in good health, and may you be more pious and closer to God. First, it comforts me to hear your news. I miss seeing you and hearing your news, especially after I received the great news of your release from the Iranians, thank God. I hope to receive your letter when you get this one, and I hope it will find you well and in good health. After I read your letter, you will receive a second letter from me with more details, God willing. I apologize for my delay in correspondence, which is due to several reasons, one of which is the brother who couriers my letters was seriously ill and he has not yet fully recovered. But when he was able to inquire about your news, I was informed that the dear son Hamza has not arrived to you yet, and I thought he had. Anyway, I prepared a letter to Shaykh Mahmud to reiterate the necessity to send Hamza and his family as soon as possible. The letter will be sent to the brothers, God willing, this Thursday, 1 Safar [1432]. I would also like you to tell me of the news of Hamza and his children. I was delighted to hear about his marriage. May God bless their union and bless their children. Please send me the news of Hamza's brothers, their children, Fatima, Hamza's brothers in Syria, as well as the news of Wafa and her children. We pray to God to have mercy on Sa'd and Khadijah, and may He accept them with the martyrs and elevate their status, and may He reward us with a substitute. What gives me solace is that they died in the land of jihad, and that was their destinies. God Almighty says, “No calamity reaches either in the earth or in your own persons, but it is in a book, before We create it; Undoubtedly, it is easy for God.” Al-Hadid Surah, Verse 22. As far as I am concerned, God Almighty has been generous to me. I thank God, as I should, for He deserves to be thanked for His glory and the awesomeness of His sovereignty. I have been working to have you come to us since I received the news of your arrival at the brothers. However, I have been living for years in the company of some brothers from the area and they are exhausted - security-wise - from me staying with them and what results from that. Consequently, it is hard for them to do some of the things I ask them to. One of the hardest things is to ask them to bring one of my family members. When they complained that the number is large, I suggested decreasing it, but they refused. However, because of the importance of your coming, how long I have waited for your release from the Iranians, and the years that you spent there patiently (may God add them to your good deeds), I have tried very hard to get you here. I am optimistic that I can arrange the meeting in the near future, and I hope to inform you with that in the next letter. If I am not able to secure your return in the next weeks, I will come to visit you, God willing. Please trust me that I am working very hard to live with you, even if I have to change the people who accompany me, which will take some time. Comment: I was told that you went to a dentist in Iran, and you were concerned about a filling she put in for you. Please let me know in detail about anything that bothers you about any hospital in Iran or any suspicions that any of the brothers may have about chips planted in any way. One of the ways, the syringe can be of the same size, but its head is slightly bigger than normal, that way, as I previously mentioned to you, they can insert a small chip in it to implant under the skin. The size of the chip is about the length of a grain of wheat and the width of a fine piece of vermicelli. I would like you to tell me the reasons they mentioned to you for your release and every detail to help me from the security point of view. I need to know the date you had the filling, also about any surgery you had, even if it was only a quick pinch. If you cannot remember the date, it is fine to give me an approximation. I also want to know in boring detail all that is related to their approval to allow you to enter Pakistan. Keep in mind that Sa'd, may he rest in peace, mentioned that he told you that you would be released via Syria. Comment: Our security situation here does not allow us to go to hospitals unless it is an emergency. So please take care of all your medical needs, particularly teeth, and keep the prescriptions after you get the medicine, that way you can refill the prescription when you come to us, God willing, when needed. I pray for your health and stability. It is also of extreme importance, security-wise, to learn Urdu and Pashto. Your presence with families from the region will help you learn. I hope you work hard at it. Please ask Hamza, may God protect you, and his father-in-law, to teach his children too. His younger brothers have been learning for a while. I learned a few days ago that Time Magazine reported the release of some of our brothers detained in Iran and three members of my family were among them. It is possible that they are ‚Uthman, Muhammad, and Fatima. Please note that one of the released people mentioned is ((Abu-Yusuf)). Do you know anything about this? In conclusion, I would like to hear how your health is. Are you comfortable where you are staying? Do you have heating? Are you staying with an Arab family or with people from the region? Please know that if you are not comfortable, you can go to the people you were with before you came to me the last time in the mountains while I am working on arranging for Hamza to be with you either in this location, or where you currently are if you decide to stay. I pray to God to protect you and facilitate meeting you. He is Most Capable. Everybody here is looking forward to your arrival, and they give you their regards, including Safiyah and her siblings, and ‚Abdallah and his siblings. Peace and blessings be upon you. Abu-‚Abdallah Monday, 28 Muharram 1432. (Accompanied with this letter are modest gifts for the cold weather and 25,000 rupees for your spending for this period.) (Please destroy this letter after reading it.) 