 In the name of Allah, the most gracious, the most merciful Thanks be to God; it is right to give him praise. Peace and prayers be upon His prophet, his servants, his family and his companions, and salute him with all respect. To the eminent Shaykh, praise be to God, may he lead him to the right path, may he be generous to him with what satisfies him and may he grant him victory, steadfastness and pride in the banner of monotheism and faith. Peace, mercy, and the blessings of Allah be upon him We ask God, the Almighty, that you are well in faith and in the world, successful and settled, satisfied and providing satisfaction and may He accept your endeavors and may he bless your efforts and reward you well We wish to inform you that we are basking in the grace of Allah, the Almighty, and ask for more and support for its thanks and remembrance. The purpose of this letter is what you had proposed and suggested in your previous letter concerning the method of dealing with the “scholars of evil” and several organizations that demonstrated their adventures, which were repeated with increased slips and errors. We had proposed what you had submitted to the legal committee and the text of your statement pertaining to the matter was read. Following consultation and discussion, the brothers agreed to the following: First: The scholars of evil are not all on one level in terms of their evilness and errors or in their motivations and reasons for their deviation. Some are people of novelty and deviated minds and believe it is faith while it is not, some are people of passion preoccupied with life and its decoration, and others are the sultans that do not go against their rulers and would not yield, and some and some... In light of all this, their damage would also be conflicting and not on one level Second: In view of this, dealing with them in responding, criticizing, and explaining may not be on one cord and an agreed-upon level. The need to consider the situation of each of them and this is what the justice is about, which you had indicated, and in response to the words of Allah the Almighty, “O ye who believe! Stand out firmly for God, as witnesses to fair dealing, and let not the hatred of others to you make you swerve to wrong and depart from justice. Be just: that is next to piety: and fear God. For God is well-acquainted with all that ye do.” (Qur'an, Surah 5, Verse 8) Third: When the responses are associated with driving the legal suspicions that these individuals or other stir - then comes the need to rely upon the scientific approach based on evidence and authenticating the legitimacy of this world. Also search for sources that reported the exact statement. Also do not rely on the generalities reported by the mass media or reported by some people in newspapers and forums, because several reporters would report whatever they understood in terms of statements Œ which could be opposed to the same statement; or there could be a misunderstanding initially, which does happen a lot. With the grace of Allah, several responses were written concerning the impact of the suspicions concerning the mujahidin and their actions, as several are attached to this letter. Fourth: Exploit some of the events that take place in the nation periodically and that have clear stances whereby the people would become two apparent teams: either in the portion of truth and its people, or in the portion best suited in disgracing the people of aberration and deviation and those of passion, while at the same time implementing the honest and appropriate approach. Fifth: ]All the brothers] in the committee do not lean toward setting a special list for the scholars of evil, the organizations and congregations that follow their path for the reasons we had mentioned in the first paragraph, which is their disparity in the motivation of their evilness. Although this method was uncharacterized at the time of our first scholars, May God have mercy on them, this is an approach that would lead the new youths and the eager to classify the people but not based upon legal, rooted, and true principles, Almighty God only knows May you remain protected by God, peace, mercy and the blessings of Allah be upon you The Shari'a committee Wednesday, 19 Rabi' II 1430H (15 April 2009) 