 Document Summary: This is a letter, dated 29 February 2008, from Abu al-Tayyib in Saudi Arabiato UBL, providing a status update on numerous topics, such as prisons, Saudi interrogators, shaykhs, and merchant activities. The Saudi government has completed a number of prisons, and has yet to finish others. At least 5,000 people are incarcerated in the al-Ha'ir prison for political ideology, jihad, and sympathizing with terrorists. Shaykhs who guide youths engaged in jihadist activity are inept, and they believe what the government says in regard to jihad and occurrences of imprisonment. Merchants are looking at prospects outside of Saudi Arabia, in places such as Malaysia and China, and while they would like to give their alms to the mujahidin, they fear for themselves and their money. There is work against the American presence, and it has resulted in numerous Americans leaving or going to other Gulf nations. (Full translation) In the name of Allah, the Compassionate, the Merciful. All praise is for Allah, the Lord of the Worlds. Prayers and peace are upon His faithful messenger and upon his people, companions, and followers. To our most excellent Shaykh Zamaray may God keep him from every ill. Peace and blessings be upon you. I pray to God Almighty that you are well and in good health, and that God may find us acceptable. Speaking on behalf of myself and many of our brothers, know, our beloved shaykh, our hearts yearn to meet you and our ears miss hearing your voice. As for the situation in the peninsula, I think you are well familiar with it. However, in response to the request by the excellent brothers and noble shaykhs, this is what I have to say about it: The Situation in the Prisons: First, the number of prisons built has recently increased! -There is a new and developed prison in the Hijaz in the area of al- Rusayfah, between Mecca and Jeddah. Shaykh 'Abd-al-Rahman al-Sudays, one of the outstanding shaykhs and imam of the al-Furqan mosque, is there. He has been sentenced to 40 years in prison! According to his brother, 'Abd-al-Karim, it started out as three years, and then it was extended to ten, and then up to 40! He is accused of supplying the mujahidin in the peninsula with weapons and up to several million in money. -There is a new prison in al-Jawf, along with the renovation of the old prison. -There is a new prison in the city of al-Rass in al-Qasim. -A new prison or a large addition has been built within al-Hayir (the political prison) in Riyadh. -Also in the south, in the Abha area or near it. -Also in the eastern region, near al-Sharqiyah on the road to Riyadh. Some of these prisons have been completed and have prisoners in them, and the others are still under construction. The number of prisoners in al-Hayir has reached 5,000 or more, and I am sure of that number. They have mostly been arrested for political or ideological reasons. Some of their cases relate to jihad, and they divide the mujahidin into two groups: External operations and internal operations. By "internal operations" they mean fighting within the peninsula, and "external" means outside of it. They are brutal in interrogating and torturing those from "internal operations," whereas the ones who engage in foreign operations encounter nothing of the sort. The Ministry of the Interior is generally trying to improve the image of the investigative officers (interrogators) as compared to what was happening in al-Ruways prison previously, but they have not succeeded. Some of the prisoners are accused of sympathizing with terrorists (mujahidin). And some are accused of financial support, whether for jihad at home or abroad. Of course, tracking the merchants and donors reduces the support. Now people fear for their money and for themselves. Many are reformists, followers of al-Faqih and al-Mis'ari. Many of them are godless yet hate this corrupt regime, but some of them have straightened up after prison. Some espouse takfiri views, accusing the ruling regimes in the Arab countries of apostasy, although they have not taken up jihad. According to the Ministry of the Interior's classification, the mujahidin are the takfiris, and not the other way around. There are also some Shi'a in al-Hayir prison, but not that many. Methods of the Interrogators: Now there are interrogators who have an idea about shari'ah so that prisoners cannot trick them by quoting a few shari'ah sayings. They have interrogators specialized in issues of sources of money and donations. They use a tactical interrogation method, which consists of asking several questions revolving around the same idea in different ways and at different times in order to discover who is the truthful and the liar of their claims. If they are not successful in using this method, they write "evasive" on his file and transfer him to another section (flogging and torture)! Some of the young men are deceived by the tactical interrogation method, so they have a high opinion of it. Then comes the role of Prince Muhammad Bin-Nayif, who is even more malicious than his father. Prince Muhammad is cunning, and his father is arrogant. He pays off their debts and gives them some money. He tells them, "You were patient with the pagans of the Taliban state and its offenses on the way to reform it in the future. Won't you be patient with this blessed nation, which even applies the shari'ah?! If this state commits some offenses, we will try to fix them!" Then he says, "Even I am not satisfied with some of the actions, policies, and offenses that do not accord with our shari'ah." He says things like this, all the while mocking the young men. He is very skilled at selling words, and he is well-educated. God keep us from the horrors and the things that he says. He also says, "We need our young men in order to defend the country from the Shi'a threat." The Support Committee: This is a group of shaykhs led by al-'Abikan that conducts sessions with young men and discusses questions the young men ask about jihad, declaring regimes apostate, and so forth. They try to: -Return the young men to the path of wisdom (as they say). -If they are not able to do this, then they stir up doubts in the minds of the youth to make them waver. The committee believes that this wavering helps convince the young men over time! -Some of the members of this committee are bad shaykhs! -Some of them are ignorant and believe what the government says when it says that it doesn't want to harm the young men, but rather to reform their thinking. The government tells the shaykhs, "No one will leave the prison as long as he has a faulty mentality." The shaykhs are good-hearted, so they tell the young men to denounce even if they do not mean it so that they can return to their families. -When some of the shaykhs who belong to the committee sat down with the brothers, rubbed shoulders with them, and listened to what they had to say, they left the committee and regretted having joined it. The Recantations of the Three Shaykhs: The shaykhs in question are 'Ali al-Khudayr, Nasir al-Fahd, and Ahmad al-Khalidi, and their recantations were not real. They were made under pressure and threats. I met Shaykhs 'Ali al-Khudayr and Ahmad al-Khalidi in prison, and they told me that what they said on television was under compulsion! As for Shaykhs Nasir al-Fahd and Ahmad al-Khalidi, they have withdrawn their recantations! They told the government what they really think, and they regret what has happened because of them. Shaykh 'Ali al-Khudayr has been released! And so has Shaykh Hafiz al-Dawsari. He has left prison, and he is well and in good health as far as I know. Suspicions and rumors have arisen about the shaykh since he got out, including the following: -That he is favorably disposed to those rulers and has accepted money from them. -That he has money belonging to Muslims that he did not deliver to the mujahidin. -Also, that he relies on the world and has bought a camel and married another wife. It appears that they are all lies, except the part about the camel and the wife. I think the shaykh is one of the righteous ones that have not changed, but he was being careful with some of his actions and words. He is an intelligent man. -They tried to entice Shaykh Sulayman al-'Ulwan, but it did not work. Then they put pressure on him and threatened him, but as far as I know, he has refused to give up. I ask God to help him hold firm. They asked him to go on television, but he refused. -Shaykh Faris al-Zahrani is still resisting them and giving speeches in prison through an opening in the cell. He encourages the men and lifts their spirits. He has been tortured a lot. Many scholars and shaykhs have been imprisoned, and some have been released. The latter is still waiting to be released. The Shaykhs and Merchants Many shaykhs have become bold and have begun to speak of the merits of jihad during their lessons. They point out some of the negatives and pitfalls, but only by way of implication, not direct statements. They did not previously do that. Some have completely gone astray from their knowledge, and their situation has deteriorated, such as Salman al-'Udih, who made his own strange approach. As for the merchants, they have begun thinking about projects outside of Saudi Arabia, for example, in Malaysia and China. They are angry at the government, and many would like to send their zakat (alms) to the mujahidin, but they fear for themselves and their money. Operations in the Arabian Peninsula There is no doubt, our dear shaykh, that jihad against those rulers is imperative, and going out against them has been appointed, but this obligation is bound by two constraints: -The availability of capacity and strength. -To avoid falling into great evil. The greatest cause of evil is polytheism. Operations in the peninsula corrupt people's religion because of the confusing nature of the idol (government) to many people and to the scholars. This makes them defend it and take its side because they believe that it is holding true to Islam. This action of theirs corrupts their religion. Operations in the peninsula began with operations against the US presence, which garnered monetary gains and a large number of sympathizers. It was also the reason for the departure of large numbers of Americans and their transfer to Qatar and other places. However, when operations began targeting the regime, such as the attack on the traffic police and emergency situations building, the regime was able to capitalize on the event, using corrupt or ignorant scholars to its own benefit. We lost large numbers of sympathetic young men and a lot of money and donations that people declined to pay to the brothers because they thought we had deviated from the true path. We also lost some of the core brothers who were doing great work that some organizations could not do, such as Shaykh Yusuf al-'Uyayri, God have mercy on his soul. He refused to conduct operations within the peninsula or to clash with the regime. Brother Fahd al-Sannani told me about that. Shaykh Nasir al-Fahd spoke about it saying, "Shaykh Yusuf and brother Abu Hazim, God have mercy on us all, came to me. They disagreed about beginning operations, and Shaykh Yusuf was saying that operations in the peninsula are not in our interest because it is our supply line for money, men, and many of the scholars. The people will go against us, plus we don't have the capacity and strength to topple the regime." Abu Hazim said something along the lines of that we must fight the infidel countries. The Prophet, peace be upon him, commanded that the polytheists be expelled, so we should do our duty. Shaykh Nasir said, "My opinion is that each of you should send Shaykh Usama a letter telling him your point of view and asking for his opinion, and we'll see what the shaykh says. That was the opinion of Shaykh Nasir at the time. Now it seems that Shaykh Yusuf had it right, and his wisdom has become clear to us through events that have happened. The mujahid, Fahd al-Sannani, told me this on behalf of Shaykh Nasir. As for the two shaykhs, 'Ali al-Khudayr and Ahmad al-Khalidi, I heard this opinion from them myself, likewise for Shaykh Sulayman al-'Ulwan. As for me, beloved shaykh, I heard your words early in the jihad, during the month of Ramadan 1997, when the late brother Abu 'Abdallah al-Makki ('Ali al-Ma'badi), asked you about operations in the peninsula. You answered, "If we begin operations there, the first to stand in our way will be the men with beards." That is what I heard you say, and I repeated those words to Shaykh 'Ali al-Khudayr and Shaykh Ahmad al-Khalidi. The words also reached some of the shaykhs, and they said, "That is the absolute truth." Some of the big merchants, such as the sons of Baghlif, the sons of Bashamil, and the sons of al-'Umudi had asked me in private sessions, and I told them that the opinion of Shaykh Usama in the past has been this, unless the shaykh (UBL) has now come to a different conclusion. I got the feeling from them that they don't support internal operations. Those merchants like you so much. If they knew a way to send their money, they would! Lastly, I say to you, o Shaykh, Rejoice in the victory and support of God! We have seen much of it, and God has promised that He and His religion will be victorious. He is the conqueror and the victor. I assume that you are doing so--Sufficient is God unto you. I apologize for being so long-winded. God is the one who guides to the true path. Sufficient is God unto us. He is the best advocate. Written by your dutiful son, God willing Abu-al-Tayyib from Saudi Arabia 21 Safar 1429, 