 Thanks to God, then thanks to God who created the skies and land by justice, and allowed the oppressed to punish his oppressor likewise. Henceforth– This is a letter to occupying countries in general and our neighbors in the northern Mediterranean especially, peace be upon those who follow the right path. In this letter, I would like to remind you that justice is a must with whom you like and those whom you do not like, and if the opponent is right it does not make him less truthful. One of the greatest principles of faith is justice and staying away from oppression, and it has been said: Oppression overpowers his own people and the consequences of injustice are adverse. And for you, the situation in occupied Palestine is an example, and what happened on 09/11 and 03/11 and others, is an exception for Al-Qa'ida. Though your merchandise has returned to you, security is an urgent necessity for all people, and conscious countries will not allow politicians to fool around with it. Also, we are not going to allow you to have complete control for yourselves. We would like to let you know that your depiction of us and our work as terrorism is, of necessity, attributing it to yourselves and acts as well, since our reactions and acts are a response to your acts, which are destruction and killing of our people in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Palestine. Watching the news that has scared the world of killing the elderly handicapped Al-Shaykh Ahmad Yassin was not enough. In which sect are your victims innocent and ours are not, and in which faith is your blood blood and our blood is water? In justice, treatment needs to be likewise. I would like to affirm what I have stated before. By the way, you do kill and you are going to be killed and he who starts first is going to be the worse oppressor. Your politicians and those who follow their doctrine and insist on erroneous beliefs in our rights to defense and resistance; they do not respect themselves as well as they underestimate people's blood and minds, because their erroneous belief will complicate the case instead of solving it. They do not weigh things using the same scale. Looking at the events that took and are taking place, from killing in our countries and yours, shows an important fact, which is that the oppression we both are under is due to Western politicians, who are sending your children despite your objections to our countries to kill and get killed. Therefore, it is in the best interest of both sides to not let the opportunity slip from those who shed the blood of people for their own narrow, personal interests, and pleasing the White House gang. This war is driving billion of dollars for the big corporations, which manufacture weapons and reconstruction, like Halliburton Company and its sister and daughter companies. It is clear who is getting benefits of igniting this war and the bloodshed. They are businessmen of wars and suckers of people's blood, who run the world politics from behind the curtain. President Bush, circle of leaders in his world, and big media corporations are some of the tools which are used to mislead the people and take advantage of them. All of those in reality are the most dangerous death groups that are threatening the entire world, and the Zionist lobby form one of the most dangerous and difficult numbers of it. We are committed to continue fighting them. If in the past the great French Revolution had directed a knockout to the dictatorship of priests and kings, today the Spanish Revolution became a great historic event, and caused a strong earthquake by directing the first most dangerous and painful blows to the dangerous death groups in the United States, causing the collapse of Aznar's government, which is one of their effective tools. This is a big victory for all the victims worldwide and for those who have died in Madrid in particular. Finally, I am presenting to the people a peaceful initiative due to the positive response of the latest events and the opinion polls in Europe, who want peace and reconciliation with us. In this initiative, we are obligated to stop Jihadists' operations against every country that pledges not to attack Muslims or interfere in their affairs, and from that is the great Middle Eastern initiative. It can be renewed with every new government that pledges to abide by its contents with agreement from both sides. The initiative will start with the departure of the last soldier of that country from our country. You do know that Muslims will never betray this, if you want reconciliation. We have answered you, and on the contrary, if you do not want our peace initiatives and want otherwise, we are its sons. Just be aware of war profiteer President Bush and his superiors and subordinates, who will derail this initiative, even if he is honest in his call for peace. He said that the killer of embryos and the one behind the abortion of pregnant women in Sabra and Shatila (TN: Palestinian refugee camps in Lebanon) is a peaceful man. Even if he was right in his call and the entire West stood with him in one row, facts prove us right and prove him a liar. The Jihadists' attacks against the Russians were after their invasion of Afghanistan and Chechnya; and the attacks against the United States were after its support for the Jews in Palestine and their invasion of the Arab Peninsula. Also, the attacks against the Europeans were after their invasion to Iraq and Afghanistan. So, stop killing us to save your own lives. The answer to this difficult simple formula is in your hands, and you know that the longer you wait the more difficult it gets. Do not blame us, you need to blame yourselves. Taking prevention measures is better than treatment. Smart people do not disregard their security, money, and people to please the era's liar in the White House. The happy person is he who advises others and warns them. Getting back to doing justice is better than continuing doing injustice. Peace be upon those who follow the right path. 