 In the name of God, the most merciful and compassionate Praise God who promised and fulfilled and threatened and pardoned, and prayers and peace be upon Prophet Muhammad, his family, and companions. Dear Generous Brother, Shaykh Azmarai, may God bless him. God's peace, mercy, and blessings be upon you. I hope that you and whoever is with you is doing well. May God gather us over what pleases him in this life and may He reward us with eternity. 1. I received your undated letter, and thank God, I was assured about your health. I ask God be generous to you in this world and in the highest Paradise. 2. I pray to God to reward you for [the death of] your honorable daughter and honorable lion cub. God gives and God takes for a reason. So, be patient and seek God's help. I also dedicate to you a poem by Shaykh Abu-Hafs al-Mauritani titled, “Tear in the Hardships of Life.” It contains conciliation for the Jihadists who miss their loved ones. May God help us (Footnote 1). (Footnote 1: Attached in a file named Muhibullah al-Qandahari 3.) 3. I am doing well, praise be to God, and what you heard has no basis, I am amused by the lies and imagination. May God help us. 4. As for the chip that did you were not able to open, it contained two long letters from me and some selected materials. 5. As for the al-Zayyat brothers: A. I wrote many details about this matter in my two prior letters to you. B. Here is a summary: (1) Before the arrival of the honorable representative al-Zayyat brothers, we took the direction of being patient and not starting anything in accordance to your instructions, until we reached the conclusion that you have to fight fire with fire. For that reason, during my first meeting with the Shaykhs Hafiz, Mahmud, and al-Habib last February, we agreed to activate the approach of escalating pressure. The brothers took several steps toward that. Also, our tone against them in the media started to escalate through suggesting and hinting to confrontation both verbally and in writing. (2) After the arrival of the honorable representative, I made sure to meet the brothers again. I met them last August and I told them that my main motive for meeting with them was to increase the pressure against the oppressors for the sake of al-Zayyat and his brothers. We agreed to make this matter a priority. I think Hafiz's video message was issued before that meeting. This approach produced fruit through God's generosity, and we are waiting to pick a larger fruit, also through God's generosity. A tape on this issue was made and it contained two messages to the oppressors; however, the brothers decided to delay until they get the bigger fruit. (3) Your letter with the suggested program arrived. (4) The brothers received a letter from the enemies of al-Zayyat stating that they want to send a representative to negotiate. (5) Then, God allowed me to meet with Shaykhs Hafiz and Mahmud. The most important reason for meeting with them was this issue. Hopefully, my next meeting will be with you through God's generosity and the blessings. We talked about the issue in detail and we unanimously decided to postpone your program for several reasons, the most important of which are: (A )The suggested mediator has open channels with decision makers in his area. I am more than 90 percent sure that they will receive the news if he has not already consulted with them about it. You know the danger if the entire matter fails. It would also endanger Al-Zayyat and his brothers in their area of residence or during travel. This became especially true after the latest message from the enemy of al-Zayyat brothers, in which they indicated that they agreed to send a representative. Using the suggested mediator might complicate things. I also want you to know that al-Hafiz asked for the mediator to come three weeks ago. But he replied that he is afraid to come and suggested sending his son along with someone else. Al-Hafiz replied to him and told him that he should send his son alone. All of this took place before I met with the brothers. (B) The brothers are waiting for a bit longer to complete the bigger fruit issue; the talk will carry more weight after that. Also there are preparations ready that are waiting for an order to be executed to increase the pressure on the oppressors, through God's help. (C) As for your instructions regarding the movement of some al-Zayyat brothers, I think that the suggested direction for the mechanic and the reader of poetry might endanger them or might produce results that we won't like. God knows best. (D) If a mediator from the oppressors' side is late, there is a suggestion to send Shaykh ‚Isa. He was on his way to Turkey, but the oppressors stopped him. He told them about himself frankly and they kept him for a while and they had discussions with him. He told them that al-Zayyat and his brothers are the problem. After more discussions they let him and his wife go. He returned safely with God's help. The general belief is that they won't hurt him if he returns to them with a message because they know him and they let him go. This of course needs to be discussed with him and his agreement is needed. We hope that the mediator from the oppressor's side comes soon. The fact that they let Shaykh ‚Isa go is a good sign; however, we are prepared for all eventualities with God's help. 6. With regard to the declaration of exoneration letter: A. May God reward you greatly for paying attention to it, reading it, and making comments on it, but I am sorry to say that the comments came nine months after it was published and one year after it was done. B. My opinion was that it was necessary to reply to it regardless of the productions of Islamic groups or the statements of Salman al-‚Awdah, for example. The media, in unusual noise and exaggeration, portrayed the document as a religious response from al-Qa'ida's scholar and a challenge that cannot be confronted. I was surprised by the international attention that it received. Al Jazeera channel even dedicated more than one program to it, including an unfamiliar two-hour program called “Live from Cairo.” At the end of it, they promised to have another program to study its international effects. This is in addition to the seminars that they broadcast live on Al Jazeera Channel. The report by the Security Council on al-Qa'ida and the Taliban caught my attention. It pointed to the guidance document and the suggestion of its author to bring Bin-Ladin and al-((Zawahiri)) to trial, even in absentia. It also stated that it is an idea that deserves support (Footnote 2). (Footnote 2: Read page 8 in the named report.) In my opinion, the guidance document was very weak from a scholarly perspective despite all the noise around it. A reply, even if short, should be issued after extinguishing its flames while they are still weak. Praise be to God, our friend was able to do this. I explained this to you in detail in the last two letters. C. There is doubt about the accuracy of what you said about a reply being harmful, but in my opinion, silence would cause greater harm. A reply would be useful and you can detect this in the reaction of Muslims toward the exoneration letter (Footnote 3). The Muslim youth who love Jihad were impatiently waiting for the reply. (Footnote 3: I attached the comments on the exoneration letter.) I am almost certain, but God knows best, if we stayed silent they would gotten harsher and more malicious against us, and they would have used it as a weapon in the ideological and media war against the Mujahidin. As you know, we do not reply to heavy personal insults against the Mujahidin, but this document was different. I talked about this in detail in the last two letters to you that you did not receive. Praise be to God in any case. D. I want to let you know that Shaykh ((Abu-Yahya)) issued the first part of his response to it. He went over it with Shaykh Mahmud, and he praised it. Attached is a copy with that letter. E. As for mentioning only the words of al-Shawkani on the issue of safety, it would be very insufficient. F. As for your opinion that the symbolic figures should not respond, I think, but God knows best, that the leader of humanity (God's prayer and peace be upon him) used to respond to the ideologies of the polytheists and the people of the book. He even invited them to debate the issue. It is true that we should not fall into squabbling, and I think that God, through His generosity, has protected us from that to a large extent, but we need to reply to these arguments, especially the guidance document. G. As for your suggestion that the legal committee should take care of this without making it look like a response, it is a suggestion, but it is not practical for us. I talked about this in detail in my previous two letters. The brothers' hectic and unstable situation does not allow them to do this and if it did, it would take almost two years to complete. The first part of the response of Shaykh Abu-Yahya came out almost eight months after the guidance document, despite my appeals to the brothers in the legal committee. As a result of my appeals, Shaykh Abu-Yahya (may God reward him greatly) agreed to issue the first part, otherwise he would have waited until he finished it and that would have taken approximately two years. H. My guess from the beginning was that Fadl would respond, his response would be weak and angry, and that we would not need to respond. If we need to respond, then someone other than our friend should respond to the new arguments to not get into personal squabbles. What I expected, and even worse than I expected, happened (praise be to God in any case) and I do not think that there is a need to respond to the accusations and the evidence that he mentioned. Praise be to God for guarding us, and we pray to God give guidance to us, to him, and to all the Muslims. May He reconcile between us and Him and gather us on what pleases Him. I. At any rate, this was my humble opinion. If you were with us (I hope that this happens soon), we would have benefited from your guidance. I pray to God to forgive us our sins and accept our good deeds. J. I don't know if you received the final copy of the exoneration or not. After some revisions and adjustments and rewriting some topics, especially the chapter on the visa and the safety, it almost doubled in size. Our friend made sure to respond to most of the items mentioned by Shaykh ((‚Atiyah)). Praise be to God, he was very detailed and precise. after the revision, Shaykh ‚Atiyah was pleased with the final version of the aforementioned chapter, especially the past that says, “This is our choice. Anyone who is not comfortable with it, does not have to abide by it, instead he should find other ways for conducting Jihad against the Americans, but he should not just sit idle and do nothing.” Just to make sure, I am attaching the final version to this letter. I also attached a folder containing comments on the exoneration letter. 7. Through the generosity of God, our friend finished a letter about the constitution of Pakistan. He exposed the arguments that are being promoted by large Islamic groups, including the argument that Pakistan has an Islamic constitution, but the problem is that the leaders do not implement it properly. He named it “The Morning and the Lantern,” and he sent it to the brothers to review it. He received comments from Shaykh ‚Atiyah and Shaykh Abu-Yahya, and he found them useful. Then, he sent it for publication. I am a attaching a copy of it to this letter. 8. As for the publications, it is important, necessary, and a duty to issue speeches following events, for many reasons that you might be more aware of than I. I think that you should send a speech with every letter. It would be enough if it is around 15-minutes long. Frequent short [speeches] are better than infrequent longer [speeches]. May God reward you. It would be sufficient for it be an audio message. I recommend using recording programs such as Adobe Audition, as it is an excellent program, easy to use, gives good quality voice, and has many features. Attached to this letter is a copy of it. (Footnote 4 provides instructions on how to use Adobe Audition.) 9. I informed you in the last two letters that the loved ones gained a lot of experience in movement and travel, and they are able to reach many locations safely and securely. This is a piece of information that I want you to be aware of, and my friend and I are ready for any service. Finally, I ask God to look after you, guard you, and protect us and all the Muslims from all harm. I leave you in the hands of God. Please destroy this letter after reading it. May God reward you greatly. Peace Your loving brother, 13 Muharram 1430H, corresponding to 09 January 2009 A.D. 