In the name Of God, the Merciful, the Magnificent Your eminence Peace be upon you and God bless you All praises to God and there is no god except God. I pray for his best creation, and I ask him for his guidance on the right path until we meet with him. I ask God to protect you, and grant you good heath and victory over the enemies. God bless your knowledge, work, longevity, and offspring. Your eminence, in the past I sent you a proposal regarding working in the Islamic countries and the consequence of vast corruption. I have also asked you to concentrate on the head of the snake in the occupied territories, which is better and of greater pain to the enemy and with fewer associated scandals. In this letter I would like to tell you about the Iraqi affairs, since I know it very closely, and I deal with it directly via various means, especially from people who have great influence on the ground. I hope my letter can add more clarification to the picture you have there. I want to tell you about the conditions of the jihadists and the danger they are facing, as well as the circumstances they are going through. What is important is protecting the fruit of jihad and making sure the unity of jihadist is a priority. In particular, jihadists have achieved success in the battlefields against the enemy. We are worried about them from themselves, because I care about all jihadists and achieving a real success for the Muslim people, regardless of looking at one particular faction among jihadist factions and singling it out without the others. Because it is not possible for any faction, regardless of how big it is, to achieve the determination on the field against the enemy. There must be an integration of all forces and cooperation between jihadist factions and Sunni people, inside and outside of Iraq. The enemies are working on dividing jihadists and undermining their message. Also, causing differences and fighting among them and the rest of the Sunni people. Please, allow me to relay to you the blame of your jihadist brothers in Iraq, where their jihad is reduced in Abu Mus'ab, and 17 of those who came in with him. You have forgotten about the other jihadist groups who carried out jihad before the arrival of Abu Mus'ab, and the faction that backed Abu Mus'ab and whom he was with until he rose in the picture and gained fame. Also, they feel that you are far from knowing what is going on in Iraq and the map of the jihadist forces in it. This distance is from your absence in providing guidance and clear directions to the group in Iraq. What we want from you is to become aware of what is going on in Iraq from different sources, so you can get a better picture. What is happening in Iraq is that the work of those young men affiliated with you is legitimate, and the work and jihad of the others has no legitimacy. Also, what is the need of excessive mistreatment and violations, such as bloodshed, taking money, and honor? I am afraid that you need to vouch for some of it. This is if you are not going to stop it and distance yourself from those who carry it out. Because the bloodshed, stolen rights, and disgraced honor are being carried out in your name and under your command. I am sure that you are not in agreement with the violations, but they are repeatedly taking place. The jihadist factions are asking about your standpoints regarding these violations, which are diluting the message and spreading commotion. This may negatively impact jihad in Iraq and cause failure. Rushing to accuse violators from the Sunni people and calling them traitors and collaborators is not a part of the good manners of jihadists, who want unity and the joining of forces. This is a sign of weakness and fear, and the jihadists try to distant themselves from it. Calling a violator "deserter" and calling for killing him without clear incriminating evidence is not a Sunni people's standard, but it is a characteristic of sacrilegious people. Your eminence, most important of what has occurred lately was the declaration of the Islamic State of Iraq, and I am surprised at you with all the knowledge and expertise in jihad, and dealing with different parties, to bless this rushed, dangerous step over the jihad work in Iraq, since it has no effect on the ground, and things have not changed after declaring the Islamic State of Iraq. There is no significance to this declaration and they do not own the land. The authority and all the government institutions are in the hands of the enemy. The jihadists are unable to appear openly in the Iraqi streets because doing so would call down air strikes upon them and would lead to the destruction of their areas and those of their brothers from the Sunni people. We see the enemy in many instances take this as an opportunity to bombard Sunni people's cities under the pretext that there are terrorists. This was before the declaration of the Islamic State of Iraq. How about declaring an Islamic State in Sunni territories? These areas are the toughest on the occupier. The enemies may take advantage of this step and instigate a disturbance among the jihadists, causing them to go after each other and causing them to come out and be identified to make it easy for the enemy to carry out a decisive blow. I am afraid that the goal of this act is to lay the foundation for the legality of the idea in front of other jihadist groups, which means making it more difficult. This act was done without consulting with the Sunni people in general and jihadist factions in particular, whom it concerns the most, and it was opposed by all the factions. And what is being communicated to you of groups' names and tribes that joined the Islamic State are exaggerated, and what is true is very few. I would like to remind you of your firm stance in which you have opposed the establishment of an Islamic State of Kunar due to similar fears and burdens, even though their resources were much more than what the Islamic State of Iraq has. Your position at that time was successful because that state did not achieve any accomplishment, except causing mutiny, like today in declaring the Islamic State of Iraq. I and many scholars have written many recommendations to our brothers in Iraq regarding these notes though these recommendations were not well-received. Due to the negative impact of this step on the future of jihad in Iraq, your concerned brothers and scholars are asking you to intervene to stop jihadist bloodshed and close the door on the mutiny, which is pleasing the enemies, threatening jihadi fruits and accomplishments. Your eminence, you have an historic responsibility toward what is happening in Iraq, where Muslims who have built many hopes on jihad, and who know you, are expecting you to intervene and play an important role in rescuing the fruit of jihad from getting lost. This is very urgent at this time to give it a priority in your speeches. I will leave other issues for upcoming communications. Some of which is your silence regarding the Iranian strategy in the region, and the nature of the relationship to it, especially after the repeated calls to Muslims by Dr. Ayman to support Hizballah, knowing that Hizballah is a part of the Iranian rejectionist agenda. God bless you and all prayer to God. Peace be upon you Your beloved brother 