In the name of God, The Most Compassionate, The Most Merciful. Thanks be to God Almighty and prayers and peace be upon our Prophet Muhammad, his Kinsmen, and Followers. To my two noble brothers, Abu Muhammad and Abu Khalid, may God protect you both. Peace and God's mercy be upon you. I am writing you this letter as a follow up to the conversation we had yesterday and the day before yesterday. As we agreed upon, in order to resolve the issues quietly and avoid all petulance, since yesterday's meeting clearly got everybody all irritated, everybody's good health requires a calm and constructive dialogue. Being cognizant of the importance of brotherhood in Islam, the fellowship of emigration and Jihad for the sake of God will never be spoiled by a few words that came from some of us in a moment of anger, for our brotherhood is much greater and deeper. That is why I think it is better to communicate through letters, to clarify the matter as we all wish. First of all, I would like to remind you and myself that God Almighty says, “Help ye one another in righteousness and piety, but help ye not one another in sin and rancor: fear Allah in strict in punishment.” Surat al-Ma'idah (Verse 2). Also, the Prophet says, “Kindness adorns everything and its absence makes things imperfect.” We have been friends on this great path for more than eight years. May God accept it from you and I. It is a great gift from you to us that we will never forget it as long as we live. I have asked you to facilitate the return of Um-Hamzah, and you have apologized that the number is too large, and you indicated that the responsibility is huge and the burden is heavy. We do appreciate the amount of pressure you have been under and the importance of lessening that pressure, so I suggested decreasing the number to nearly half and bringing Um-Hamzah. If that is possible, that is what we want. And if you can't, I don't have any other way. I wish you would let me know what you think, so you and I can make arrangements calmly in a way to satisfy everyone, God willing. We need to have some time, preferably 9 months - after the 10th anniversary of September 11th - to make arrangements. I would like to highlight again that our brotherhood will remain strong and will be not impacted by some fleeting situation. Your brother who is grateful to you, who cannot thank you enough, and who is praying that God grant you the best reward and success and may He protect you. Abu 'Abdallah Friday 14 January 2011 