 In the name of Allah, the Merciful, the Compassionate. My Dearest Muslim Nation, s are upon you. I want to congratulate you on Eid al-Adha. And I pray to God to accept from you and us our good deeds, and the most preferred Ten Days of Thil Hijah and to accept from the Hajjis and al-, and to bring them home to their families safe and successful, and I also ask Allah to bring back the Eid to us while we have advanced important steps toward realizing the general security to the nation. Eid is a happy occasion, and its happiness includes searching for ways to protect its existence from what disturbs it and what it needs, and especially when the people are gathered, which is an opportunity to search this great issue, when they have lost most of their work. My dear Muslim Nation, the Eid holiday loses its joy if fear or sadness have hovered over the people who lost a dear one on the day of Eid; do not blame him if he sheds his tears on this happy day. Sadness has covered the Nation over these past holidays by losing the Aqsa Mosque, and what our families in Palestine and other parts of the world are faced with, especially in Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia, Sudan, Kashmir, an Chechnya; adding to this the threat of the leader of the White House of a Third War concentrating on Iran and its allies; this war effects and damages will cover the whole area. ation and our countries has continued for many centuries and it increased after the discovery of petroleum. The great powers will compete for controlling the world through that key, which is thrown on the sands of the Gulf without being guarded by its owners. Now, we are paying an expensive price for our negligence and not doing our obligations to realize the security for ourselves, and the Nation is still suffering as a result of this negligence in the damages of the Second Gulf War, s tried to control the Kuwaiti oil; and we will continue to pay a huge price as a result of the competition among the great powers for our oil, if we are not strong. My Muslim Nation: Security is one of the necessities of life, and not a luxury; it is a competitor to the most important needs in life, food and drink, and God has said to QurayshWorship the God of this house, who protects them from hunger and secures them from fear. The connection is strong between worship and obeying Allah alone, and food and f the people of the towns had but believed and feared God, we should indeed have opened out to them all kinds of blessings from heaven and earth. The absence of security spoils ves and confuses the tolerant. The interest in this solid element of a decent human life is surprisingly absent entrusted it to leaders who, at their best, are weak and powerless. But the people knew they were traitors and connivers; people like these cannot secure the nation from its enemies. He loses something who does not give it away, and they were seen in every calamity that happened to our house (TN: countries), or close to them; rushing to our crusader enemy, the American regime begging him for security and to defend them. It is a shameful scene, humiliating and insulting and I do not know how it was espoused by the free sons of the brave. My Muslim Nation: Jihad to support the religion and to defend the Muslims to realize security for the nation is mandatory by religion. The intelligent builds the cannon before the factory. They nurture the cannon before the manufacturer, and they build the foundation before they raise the building, Security is the foundation of growth and stability in all parts of life; for the infrastructure, the manufacturing projects, agriculture, the civilized cities, and others; or the result will be destruction and devastation in a night and its forenoon. And look to what the Zionist regime did to Lebanon last year; it is an example and a lesson, or it may be the enemy has taken away much of our civilized achievements, which are useful and safe to be profitable for him. My Muslim nation: Supporting the religion and defending the Muslims is the top of the hump of Islam and a great treasure, for God has treasured he who loves defending Islam. My Nation, today, by the Grace of Allah, you have taken some steps on the road to glory and honor in life, and victory and prosperity, God willing, on the Day After. And in my hands are the details regarding this great road, and I will talk to you about the coast of the road which the leaders took, the road of begging security from the enemies, which is very expensive. The Gulf countries have paid hundreds of billions of dollars during the past three decades as a price for it through agreements and purchases; agreements, especially the purchase of weapons, but the biggest and the most dangerous is the security subordination followed by other subordinations; informational and educational subordination that changes the teaching of the religion suited to loyalty and submitting to the Infidels, and to other subordinations, their interests are the loss of religion and the absence of values, and the loss of identity, and these are huge losses, and another subordination in the foreign policy that commits under the banner of fighting terrorism, as they claimed. And that is a conflict of the Ten Conflicts in Islam. Then comes economic subordination, and you know of its effects and damages. But suffice here to mention the effect of monetarily tying the areas to the dollar, which has led to the loss of hundreds of thousands of millions of dollars for the people and governments of the area, where the loss of the dollar to the euro has been about 86% of its value since the blessed invasion of Manhattan. And here I say: If a human contracted with a company to complete a job for an agreed price in a certain monetary value tied to the dollar, the company should ask for, at the start, the lower price of the exchange, even it was by 1 or 2% for the suitable compensation. If the owner of the project refused that, most of companies would be forced to escape. But the leaders of the area would not escape from the subordination to America, unless they wanted to dismiss them and then confront them. So what is your opinion when the losses have reached 80% and caused an increase in the percentage of inflation, and with all this, you are still sitting and not moving to protect your wealth, leaving the reins of the initiative in the hands of a primitive civilian authority over all the people, who has no connection to al-. I did not think that I needed to talk about a matter like this in the ocean of talk and encouragement on fighting the enemy, especially in Palestine, Iraq, Afghanistan and Somalia; but what encouraged me to talk wealth from what I have seen of not employing the minds in fundamental labor for many years, until it reached unbelievable amounts; besides what the government robs of your will and your resources. This subservience and weakness you demonstrate have encouraged the leaders to persist in their temptation and their subordination, whereby their Treasury Ministers in their governments announced that they will not disconnect their currency from the dollar at the time when many people are calling for these governments to disconnect the currency from the dollar for its own interest, but they did not know that. The leaders view this interest, regardless of how great it gets, as fractional, since it is in contrast to their total interest; disconnecting from American policies, especially in the important circles, means the loss of the chairs they sit on, and this what the leaders cannot do until his life is disconnected from his body. My Muslim nation: Freedom from the dollar and what is connected to it is not a difficult matter, especially in these circumstances; I mean the circumstances of raising the banner of Jihad. When the Mujahidin are fighting America and its agents in circumstances like these, the principal weight of pressure on the ceiling of the Infidels will be on the heads of the Mujahidin who allow the rest of the people to move to raise the ceiling of demands for their legal rights. The taste of freedom is very good - try it, and free your money from the dollar. He wgrab his right in these circumstances, do not depend on him. I believe the reason that helped Kuwait disconnect their currency from the dollar was benefiting from the war against America in Iraq, on their border. Servants of Allah: The practical steps to abandoning the dollar and what is connected to it are very easy. The people exchange what they have of dollars and other currency attached to it to free the regional currency or international, and the people may tie their important deals of their various types to free and stabilize the currency. Dear Muslim brothers: The reasons for the fall of the value of the American dollar are many, and one of the most important reasons is the defeat of their prestige after the blessed invasions of 9/11 and especially in Iraq and Afghanistan. America has spent, since then, on the Department of Defense - in addition to the expenditure of the war against the Mujahidin - very huge amounts, estimated in trillions of dollars (millions of millions of dollars). Their reasons for the continuation of the war are based on their own admission; their former Defense Secretary Rumsfeld, who was forced to resign after his great defeat, insisted that this war will continue for four decades, while reports from America itself insist that the war against the Mujahidin will take generations. We, from our side, confirm that the Jihad will continue God willing against the occupying Infidels, and their bleeding will continue and their dollar will be reduced. I add to that the great economic countries in East Asia, especially Japan and China, which are involved in storing trillions of dollars and have lost greatly by the low price of the dollar, but they are trying to get rid of it slowly and that will cause the dollar to slide down. My Muslim Nation: Despite this great loss in the price of the dollar, its present exchange rate is still higher than its real value by much, and the Americans for decades have disconnected the dollar to its gold reserves, and since that day they began to print trillions of them and pumped them around the world without account or control, to rob the the wrong will kill its owners and the usurer will perish. The dollar ship has a large hole in it, and the Gulf riyals and dirham will not be able to close this hole; it is bigger than they are. Whoever stayed on the ship has drowned and whoever jumped has survived. 