 (Full translation) In the Name of God, the Merciful and Compassionate May God's peace, mercy and blessings be upon you. Regarding the subject that you mentioned in your recent letter, the subject of the truce with the apostates, it does not matter if the brothers are convinced about this matter for, God willing, I will write my contributions for you about this. And now our brother Abu Yahya has written to you (attached with the letters). On the whole, I say: * As for our dear brothers among you, may God reward them well for clinging to the truth and right path and what they believed to be in the faith or a contingency in the faith, having based that on research and inquiry and devotion to Almighty God and looking into the other side. This, by God, is good, and we do not fear for anyone, God willing. However, we implore them to have their hearts be delighted by researching the matter more and reviewing it more and taking a scientific (look into it and benefitting from us and from our experience. * The matter is a potential matter of interpretation, and it is a matter of religious jurisprudence for the faqih to look into, and who himself has leaned toward the admissibility of having a truce with the apostates in these (contemporary) conditions like ours. We have discussed it a lot, and we have raised questions about it before a group of trusted religious scholars among us. What Shaykh al-Islam conveyed about the agreement (–), this requires guidance and research. * The practical need that rises to the level of necessity in many of our situations calls for authorizing the adoption of it and making it more likely. This is especially since the matter is inconclusive from the perspective of the pure, legal, scientific investigation! And this is based on an observation that if the needs are predominantly characterized by tribulations and pertain to “a great number of people” (meaning most of the people) and, like this, if it were to pertain to our great, arduous jihadi project, then it reaches the status of necessity. * Therefore, from the scientific point of view, we (the al-Qa'ida Jihad organization) and also our brothers the Taliban (it is noted, of course, that they are of the Hanafi school and are proficient in it) are proceeding on the principle of adopting it whenever we see the pressing need for it. * There may be forms of tacit understanding with the apostate enemy that sometimes serve the purpose without having to sign a treaty. And where this exists, it is good and sufficient, without wading into any problems. And God knows best and He is the one who grants success. The first day of Rabi' al-Akhar 1431 