 In the Name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful Dear Brother Abu Salah, May God protect you, and peace and God's blessings be upon you! I hope that you and all the dear brothers are doing well. I ask the Almighty and Most Gracious God to unite us in doing the deeds that are pleasing to Him here on earth and in the Hereafter. Furthermore, 1. First, I would like to express my deepest gratitude to you and to your honorable brothers for the support you have given me. We ask God to count your support among your righteous deeds on Judgment Day, whereon neither wealth nor sons will avail, but only he (will prosper) that brings a sound heart to God. 2. I would like to emphasize that I am still committed to the promise that I made to you. I am determined to continue moving on the same path of seeking to please Almighty God. I ask God to unite us in obeying and loving Him. I ask God to unite us in defending His religion. In God we seek assistance! The Almighty God says, “Those who believed and adopted exile and fought for the Faith with their property and their persons in the cause of God, as well as those who gave (them) asylum and aid, these are (all) friends and protectors, one of another. As to those who believed but came not into exile, ye owe no duty of protection to them until they come into exile; but if they seek your aid in religion, it is your duty to help them, except against a people with whom ye have a treaty of mutual alliance. And (remember) God seeth all that ye do. The unbelievers are protectors, one of another: Unless ye do this, (protect each other), there will be tumult and oppression on earth and great mischief. Those who believe, and adopt exile, and fight for the Faith, in the cause of God, as well as those who give (them) asylum and aid, these are (all) in very truth the Believers: For them is the forgiveness of sins and a provision most generous. And those who accept Faith subsequently and adopt exile and fight for the Faith in your company, they are of you. But kindred by blood have prior rights against each other in the Book of God. Verily God is well acquainted with all things.” Ibn Kathir, may God have mercy on his soul, explained that “God has divided the believers into two categories: Immigrants (Muhajirin) and Supporters (Ansar). The Immigrants were the believers who had departed their homeland with their possessions for the purpose of defending God and His Messenger and to ensure the practice of God's Religion. The Immigrants had sacrificed their lives and wealth for that purpose. The Supporters, on the other hand, were the believers who had lived in Medina. When their brothers in Faith, the Immigrants, arrived in their city, they shared their homes and their possessions with them. The Supporters also had fought on the side of their Immigrants brothers, to defend God and his Messenger. Therefore, the Immigrants and Supporters were friends and protectors of one of another. They were indeed worthy of each another. That was the reason behind the call of the Messenger, God's prayers and blessings be upon him, for the unification between the Immigrants and Supporters in brotherhood and pair by pair.” 3. Accordingly, I would like to remind you about the need to assist all the sincere brothers, and to exercise patience with them for the sake of organizing and unifying all the believers for our great cause. 4. My dealings with you and your brothers have always been based on the assumption that you were all under one entity and one body of which you were in charge. I have always been very conscious of that assumption and I never thought otherwise. 5. Concerning my promise to you: I would like to repeat the details of that promise, as follows: As of today: - 385 was your balance with Asadallah. 200 of the 385 was sent to Abu Dhyaa, so he could quickly organize things at his end. Those things had to be done quickly, and they could not be put off until your arrival. Anyway, the 200 was sent to Abu Diya' based on the assumption that he was your representative and that there was no difference between you or him. We discussed this when I met with you, and Abu Diya'. I also agreed at that meeting to provide you with up to 1000. - 50 was given to Nur, based on the assumption that he was your representative - 35 was given to Nur, based on the same assumption - 150 was given to Nur, based on the same assumption - 10 was given to Abid al-Qadus, based on the same assumption - 150 was given to every Rahman - 150 was given to every Rahman - The total amount now stands at 930. Therefore, based on my promise to you to cover phase one, I only owe you 70. It is worth noting that I also have kept you in the loop on these transactions; I used to notify you every time an amount was received at your end. 6. I would like to assure you, God willing, and based on my promise, that after you are done with your part for phase one, I will continue to support you with whatever I can. In God we seek assistance! . Concerning my move: As I mentioned in my messages to you and to Abu ‚Abd-al-Qadus and Asadualah, I decided to leave the place after a few unexpected events took place. Not to mention that prior to the move, we had failed to get our messages to you. I want you to know, however, that I am so ever thankful to you and to Abu Diya' and Abu ‚Abd-al-Qadus. My deepest gratitude and appreciation to all of you for your brotherly and sincere stand. I do hope that we keep in touch. You also should know that based on your opinion, I had instructed Ahmad to pay a visit to the place that you recommended. I ask God to unite us in doing the deeds which please Him. I ask God to unite us in living a dignified life. I ask God to unite us in winning the Hereafter. And peace and God's blessings be upon you. 