 of 2 In the name of Allah the Merciful, the Compassionate Thanks be to God the Cherisher and Sustainer of the Worlds and peace and prayers be upon our master of the apostles. This is the matter of the Islamic Maghreb that Shaykh Haji 'Uthman, Shaykh Mahmud, Shaykh Abu Yahya and Bashir al-Madani had discussed. The letter of the respected Shaykh Abu Mus'ab 'Abd-al-Wadud was received, May God protect him. The brothers discussed the matter, and Shaykh Mahmud and Shaykh Abu Yahya were tasked to write a legal research on the truce matter with the apostates and as to whether it was permissible also to propose it to the leadership, after which we would send it to Abu Mus'ab; and to correspond with the Mauritanian brothers to convince them. With respect to the text of the truce, we propose to submit the following: The Mujahidin are committed to not carry out any military activity in Mauritania. So long as the Mauritanian government does not intercept the Mujahidin and cause any evil in the country; as it would not intercept the seekers of knowledge, internally or abroad and cause them any harm. Release of all the prisoner brothers. The government should commit to not carry out any hostile attack against the brothers from its territories. The agreement shall be effective for one year and subject to renewal. The government shall pay the sum of between 10 to 20 million euros annually, so long as the contract is in effect or upon renewal if the time had expired to compensate and prevent the kidnapping of tourists. This shall remain a secret agreement between both parties. Here we place a program for the brothers to benefit from the truce and focus on Algeria; also to put the cadres in safe rear bases available in Mauritania. of 3 Thanks be to God, as we praise Him, seek His assistance and the right path as well as His forgiveness and ask for His help for such as God who leaves to stray, there can be no guide. I witness there is no God other than Allah and He has no partner; I witness that Muhammad, peace and prayers be upon him, is his servant and his messenger. O ye who believe! Fear God as He should be feared, and die not except in a state of Islam. (Qur'anic verse 3:102). O mankind! revere your Guardian-Lord, who created you from a single person, created, of like nature, His mate, and from them twain scattered (like seeds) countless men and women;- revere God, through whom ye demand your mutual (rights), and (reverence) the wombs (That bore you): for God ever watches over you (Qur'anic verse 4:1). O ye who believe! Fear God, and (always) say a word directed to the Right: That He may make your conduct whole and sound and forgive you your sins: He that obeys God and His Apostle, has already attained the highest achievement (Qur'anic verse 33:70 and 33:71). To the general command and the Shaykhs, and the brothers in the land of Khurasan, the land of immigration and the jihad, the land of support and strengthening, the rock upon which the Crusader empire crumbled, as well as atheism. As if butting heads with a rock to weaken it, it did not harm it but the ibex weakened its own horn. May God reward you well and may he generously reward you as I ask Allah that my letter reaches you and finds you well and in good health. We received the letter of Shaykh 'Atiyatallah and the attached letters from Shaykh Usama we absorbed the content of its meaning. We ask Allah to make us amongst those who listen to the Word, and follow the best (meaning) in it: those are the ones whom God has guided, and those are the ones endowed with understanding. The situation at our end went through several dangerous phases and junctures, that fluctuated between incentive, luring and intimidation; also attempting to uproot by using all military methods to include security, political and mental, however God was the protector. We would like to place before you information that we hope would be useful to you and to put you in the picture of the situation at our end: 1. The current situation was mixed with the strengthening requirements, with the combat challenges, the invaders, and the apostates. As you may know, the matter of strengthening to set the rule of Allah and managing the areas required a big capability of taming, gentle care and assimilating the society while combating the foe, which also required rigor and vigilance; these methods can be contradictory at times, but at others it would be sacrificing one side on the account of the other. 2. Amongst the characteristics that appear on our jihad is the short-lived with many changing situations; in the last four years substantial changes have occurred, such as erection of the courts and its collapse, the ingress of the Ethiopians and their egress; also the arrival of two apostate governments. These changes had a negative impact on our jihad work, as follows: -We did not find an opportunity to prepare leaders and sufficient cadre in the Shari'ah, military and administrative arenas. -The lack of crystallizing and confirming several approach matters, due to the shortage of time and the consecutive events; that in addition to the few cadres leading to the lack of coordination in several stances at times. 3. The numerous victories and the swift expansion with the substantial polarization of the society: this also has several dangers because it was added to the second comments; it could lead to the danger of drifting in the approach of the course, allowing the foe the opportunity to penetrate, to facilitate thwarting the work internally, once all other destruction attempts would have failed. 4. Some of the obstacles we faced included the lack of communication with you and the lack of coordination with other jihad arenas; it left our work with marks of isolation and siege the absence of international affiliation and deprivation of field consultations as well as exchange of expertise. I add to this, the absence of the experienced Mujahidin role previously complained about in other jihad arenas. 5. Lately, the internal discussions between us revolved around two main matters the issue pertaining to the announcement of the state and the issue of joining the brothers; which should we give the priority to - or should we announce it all together and at once. We hope you provide us with your opinion concerning these two matters. Of note, the matter involving the integration is considered a safety valve for the work, to determine the identity and its importance; the purpose is to gather all the Muslim people in the eastern African area. 6. Other issues included dealing with the Kenya case: the majority of the Muslims in Kenya belong to two groups the Somalis and the coastal people from Mombasa and others. In general, they feel they are marginalized. There were several developments in the last few months, such as protests in which a large number of Muslims were either killed or detained. A campaign was launched by the Kenyan press against the Somali trade in Kenya, and the Somalis in turn felt the threat. There is a gap between the Muslims and the government in general. Separately, the brittle coalition in the current government that is based upon ethnicity, warns of the possibility of exploding the political situation before and during the upcoming elections. Additionally, and for your information, Kenya is the main center for conspiracy against our jihad, such as establishing intelligence units and foreign commissions, a central point of entry and main transportation for the apostate leaders. On our end, there is a somewhat substantial number of Kenyan brothers, to include Shaykhs; we had specific intentions to open fronts so we urge you to provide us with your thoughts concerning this matter. 7. With respect to the unity issue with the Mujahidin, we have made great progress, thanks be to God, and we succeeded in absorbing a large number of jihadist blocs; no one remains in the arena now other than the apostate government and those with it belonging to the internal polytheist Sufi movements then the wing of Hasan Tahir from the Islamic party and those who were initially from Asmarah wing (and the Alliance of the Re-Liberation of Somalia ARS) The thoughts of Hasan Tahir Uways have tremendously changed. 8. As you had asked in your letter, Ahmad Madubi is alive and is around, but he changed and joined the convoy of apostates seeking Allah's protection; he took his weapon against the Mujahidin for the service and the agent of the international Crusaders. As to Shaykh Hasan Turki, he had many slips and stumbles, however he is now with us and we knew him from the field work that he is unable to settle in a group. He is getting old and his strength has weakened, so we ask Allah the Almighty to have a good end. 9. We have attached for you a report on the situation, and we ask you for a quick reply, especially on the main issues because there are several suspended issues. 10. We had sent you the means of communication and exchange of general keys through the brothers in the Peninsula; there is some advice and I hope it would be useful, God willing. 1. We confirm to the Shaykhs, May God protect them, to continue the doctrinal and Shari'ah instruction, as well as the military and security ones through the visual and audio broadcasting means. The purpose is due to its extreme importance in directing the nation in general and to guide the Mujahidin in particular. There is a need to diversify the terms and lectures, to treat many facets of the jihad work problems. For example, the speech of Shaykh Usama included in his tape Steps for the Liberation of Jerusalem Operationwas good news. We advise to focus on the speeches when faced with junctures in the course and during big events; as we also warn of the importance to appropriate every front with several terms, given the large moral impact. 2. We indicate the importance to prepare and write a comprehensive political legal project and clarify the vision of the desired state, such as determining the targets and political features as well as the wide lines of the state that we want; this program would be a call to the masses and refutation of the rumors claiming that the Mujahidin have no program, as it would also be tantamount to the guidance of the jihad fronts. 3. The research and the Shari'ah fatwas for the jurisprudence events; this is an extremely important issue given that the jihad fronts are in need of support in this aspect. It is a necessary matter adopted by the supreme leadership to unify the tint of the jihad in all arenas; God only knows the relief we got from the reThe Teacher in the Muslim Spy Principlesby Shaykh Abu Yahya al-Libi, May God protect him. Some of the events pertained to the practise of the combat operation and others pertained to the matters of strengthening and implementing the Shari'ah in general. 4. The importance of writing the history of the jihad, its long experiences and exploiting the lessons learned. O scholars of the nation and leaders, by God with the trust bestowed upon you, we ask Allah to firm your opinions and may he protect you and care for you and may he prepare you to carry out this great responsibility. We, here in this gap, ask Allah not to undermine Islam. We carry longing and affection to the scholars of our nation, the leaders of the jihad and the brothers of creed: We ask to conclude, for us and you, in martyrdom and to unite us in his grace as he alone is capable. Our last invocations are to thank God, the Lord of the Worlds. Mukhtar Abu al-Zubayr (Salah al-Din) 5 March 2010 