 Liberating humans before liberating countries Praise Allah, we thank him, ask for his help, and repent to him, and ask him to save us from ourselves and our bad deeds, as he who Allah guides, is never lost, and he who is lost by Allah no one can save, and I witness that there is no god but Allah, alone that has no partners, and that Muhammad is his slave and messenger, "O ye who believe! Fear God, and (always) say a word directed to the Right: That He may make your conduct whole and sound and forgive you your sins: He that obeys God and His Apostle, has already attained the highest achievement." 33:70-71 From Usama Bin Muhammad Bin Ladin to his brothers and sisters in the general Islamic nation, Peace be upon you, and mercy of Allah, and his blessings. Out talk tonight is not stressing what we mentioned before of the great risks that started practically to threaten the whole nation through the new Crusades, and it is not stressing the apostasy of the rulers who are conspiring with and allied to America, and who swayed the nation's path away from the straight path, but our talk is about our role and our shortcomings during these long decades and our negligence that opened the way to these rulers to play with the destiny of the nation and its religion, values, and fortunes. I say that so that we recognize the points of dysfunction in ourselves so that they can be fixed and we can get out of that deep pit and return to the straight path that will enable us to benefit from our religion and world. So let us go study for an hour in Allah's sake, that there may be reason for our safety on judgment day. To start, we agree that as Muslims with the grace of Allah whose guidance and wisdom is by following the book of Allah and the Sunnah of his messenger (PBUH) who Abu Hurayrah said that he said, "I left in you two things so that you will not be lost, the book of Allah and my Sunnah," a verified Hadith. Islam is a religion of instinct and people are created originally on that proper instinct. "God's handiwork according to the pattern on which He has made mankind: no change (let there be) in the work (wrought) by God." 30:30. Allah took that oath from us while we were still sperm in the origin of our father Adam, Peace be upon him, "When thy Lord drew forth from the Children of Adam - from their loins - their descendants, and made them testify concerning themselves, (saying): 'Am I not your Lord (who cherishes and sustains you)?'- They said: 'Yea! We do testify!' (This), lest ye should say on the Day of Judgment: 'Of this we were never mindful' ." 7:172. However, the devils of humans and genies attempted to sway people from the right path as was said in Hadith, "I created my slaves pure, and the devils swayed them" and man was created weak as was mentioned in the Qur'an, "and man was created weak" but because of the basic purity of humans, it is easy to remind him and return him to that intact origin, and to understand the religion we worship Allah Almighty with so that we do not disagree. There is no way for agreement except by that religion, as our god Allah Almighty is one and our messenger (PBUH) is the same, and our book is one and our Kiblah is the same. If there is a conflict, it is from the non-adherence of some people to the unification religion. I am sure that the truthful fair people of the sons of the nation, if they look into the evidence, will easily find that the truth is clear and they will follow it after the veil of rulers' magic -through the media which blinded their vision for decades- is removed from their eyes and as the commoners say "the drumbeat overcomes magic." That will become clear to you if you are distanced with your brain and instinct from the effect of the rulers' magic through the media and what they broadcast through the evil scholars and the lying witnesses, because the pure human instinct is like a compass which is by nature affected by the magnetic field of earth. But if it falls under the effect of some metals then it loses its ability to point in the right direction. So do we, as if we want to improve our conditions and fend off our enemies, we must be free. Many great matters are not given except to the free, like struggle, Jihad, and war between the right and wrong. It is a war between the souls and their will, and one of the main reasons for victory is that the soul is free and dignified, and the will strong and steadfast. Arabs did not task their slaves to defend against the enemy and attain dignity, and that is why when the Bani 'Abbas were raided by their enemy, Shaddad told his slave 'Antara [Arabs did not recognize their children from slaves] he said, "Attack, 'Antara" and 'Antara said, "A slave does not know how to fight, but knows how to milk the camels," so he said "Attack and you are free," and when the shackles of slavery fell off him, he had great powers that exploded in him and he went tearing the enemy apart with his sword, and he became known as a knight of the Arab Peninsula. That is an important and serious meaning, if we want to free the Islam country, we have to first free ourselves and our minds of slavery to men, especially the Emirs and scholars including the leaders of the Islamic work. That is the important meaning, which is that Islam came to free slaves from worshiping slaves, and from them taking others as gods other than Allah. He warned against that in many instances, that is why he initially addresses free men to do jihad, and he did not address it to the enslaved even thought they were Muslims. So that is the root of the problem, as we have to be free to advance and conduct our duties in these tough times. So to immunize ourselves against the media and its magic, we have to learn the dangers surrounding us and inside us. One of the most important elements is the human factor, as persons of a people or as just persons, and the path we want to follow. A- We have to know ourselves and collectively as a society, and test our souls, are they qualified to progress on the path of reform and salvation? That is done by exposing it to the saying of the Prophet (what eradicated who was before you–) so that is a land mark on the path to reform, which is identifying the majority from the beginning of the road, and if they are qualified to establish the truth on the weak and strong, or else its owner must exert his efforts to fix it, as if he does not, then he is taking the nation to extinction (while thinking they are doing the right thing). As the previous Hadith indicated, so the reformer is like the doctor. He is not a politician that beats around the bush or hides the facts to appease the crowds, and that talk is directed at the majority of the reformer appeasers, including the leaders of the Islamic groups. If the patient was infected with a dangerous disease like Gangrene in his leg and the leg needed to be amputated, then he must tell him frankly, even softly is ok. But there must be a declaration of the truth of the necessity to amputate the infected leg. And we as Muslims have a clear line of movement so we must say the truth, and after that it is as Allah said "Say, 'The Truth is from your Lord': Let him who will, believe, and let him who will, reject (it): for the wrong-doers We have prepared a Fire whose (smoke and flames), like the walls and roof of a tent, will hem them in!" 18:29. We also have to get to know the ruler as a person, and the most personal characteristics of the kings and presidents. We also have to get to know the kingdom of the king and the elements in it that have effect for and against us, because without getting to know all these issues it is not possible to establish the needed enforcements. Accordingly, the faithful will exert a lot of effort without knowing what has happened, so the effort will not bear fruit. That is why the rulers have been able to deceive the people for many long decades despite the academia, scholars, intelligence, researchers, authors, and others who are interested in the issues of the nation opposing them in vain. Many of those died and were replaced by others who were running in the same closed circle. All that happened were changes in persons and names of the reform movements. In short, we are like the camel of the mill, whose eyes are covered so he goes in circles from morning to night thinking that he has walked great distances, while he has been going around in a circle of a few meters in diameter. Yes, our souls are blindfolded; not shackled with irons, but we are shackled with oppression like slaves bewitched by the magic of the media and the regime magicians of scholars, ministers, speakers and pens for hire. We have not moved one step in the right direction, so we have to work on breaking the bonds that were placed on our eyes and prevented us from hearing the truth. That is what we want to establish so that each of us will have a correct scale to measure things, and protect himself against the magic of the tyrants. Those who perish in the world and the thereafter do that because of losing that scale, and they will say on the day of judgment "even deceiving the day and night if you order us," as they did not identify the psychology of the ruler. Judging a thing is a part of imagining it. We want to talk about saving the Arab and Islamic world and correct the erroneous situations. We want to talk about the most important element in that subject which is the rulers, as they are an important factor in going forward or retreating backwards, so we have to get to know the nature of these elements so that we can deal with them from knowledge in an easy and correct way after entering the right complete doctrine which is Islam with the grace of Allah. The most important factor in society, to move forward with the nation on the right path, is the ruler. If he is straight then people will be straight, and if he is not then people will be in tight, poor, and burdened life. The ruler is a caliph to enforce the rules of Allah on earth, on the people and on himself. So, if Allah did not protect him with faith, when he is the de facto ruler entrusted to enforce the rule of Allah, then he is stricken with something very great and dangerous, which is competing with and infringing on Allah and his messenger's orders. Being an imam is being in place of the messenger, which is a contract to protect the religion and run the world with it. That is where the unanimity of all the scholars agreed upon; each job has its reflections on the person doing that job. Some are positive and some are negative, as the shepherd reflects a positive reflection of softness and calm, and the camel herder reflects the toughness and gruffness of camels; the ruler's job, for its extreme importance, reflects serious traits if he does not cling to faith. That big and burdensome job, a person cannot conduct and handle unless he has a great desire to hold on to it. So, if you add to that a motive to enforce the truth and support the religion, then that is what is needed. If the motive is arrogance and haughtiness on earth, then the reflections of that desire are dangerous to the ruler and society. With the rulers who do not fear Allah, the desire to rule is so great that it is unequaled by any other desire; he would be ready to give up all the religious and conscientious principles in order to cling to the Emirhood. He is willing to give up the truth of the religion, while deceiving the people into thinking that he is not keen on it, while he is ready to give up a large portion of his country's fortunes and sovereignty in exchange for remaining on the throne. The desire of Emirhood is very dangerous, as for it the kings of 'Umayyad hit the Holy Ka'bah with catapults to kill Ibn al-Zubayr, Allah be pleased with him, and others of the companions. Because of that, Al Sa'ud bombarded the holy mosque in Mecca with tanks. Fahd Ibn 'Abd-al-'Aziz's tyranny reached the limit, when he ordered the whole Holy Mosque blown up in order to kill Juhayman and his brothers, who were about 200 and had only hunting rifles and Kalashnikovs. But the wise people intervened and convinced him that the situation would be resolved without that solution. A ruler can plunge himself and his country into deep slopes that would harm its religion, manners, economy, and politics, where the worst job is the Emirhood if it become devoid of faith. (TN: a poem to the meaning above). The holders of menial jobs in any society have negative reflections on its people, and the maximum reflection is common among that class of people. History is full of them in all people of earth, with the massacres that the rulers committed against their sons, fathers and brethrens. We will not go far, bringing out what is in the belly of history of these repeated atrocities, but I will mention here some of the legacies of the rulers of the area and the effect of the lust of Emirhood on their behavior in killing their people and relatives. How will they behave with the sons of the people and with the principles and rules of the nation? So here are the rulers of Kuwait, the offspring of Mubarak al-Sabah, who had a bad reputation and was shunned in the Kuwaiti society. So he brought his brothers Muhammad and al-Jarah al-Sabah into the government palace and killed them, then appointed himself as ruler of the country, so the killer who is supposed to be killed became a prince that rules the country, obeyed and praised. And here is Zayid Bin Sultan, the commander of the military in the UAE, splintered from his brother Shakhbut who is considered the leader. So he killed him and exiled his children and now he is the prince of the country, and they call him the kind father and the shepherd, while he is an outlaw of jurisprudence and a killer to it. And here is Qabus of the sultanate of Oman, who came out on his father and imprisoned him until he died while he is in power. And there is 'Abdallah 'Ali Salih in Yemen, who with support from Emir Sultan and the military attaché in the Saudi embassy, planned the assassination of the previous Yemeni president Ibrahim al-Hamdi and his brother, after he was an army officer. like him With that crime, Saudi Arabia nominated him to become a president of Yemen and an agent for them. As for Qatar, its events are recent and are known to the young and old, by the coup of Hamad Bin Khalifah al-Thani against his father, deposing him and deporting him from the country. The father conducted a failed coup against his son Hamad, with support from Prince Sultan Ibn 'Abd-al-'Aziz. As for the killing and treason conspiracies of the Saudi regime, talk as much as you want. 'Abdallah Bin Faysal fought with his brother Sa'ud Bin Faysal, which led to killing both of them. Ibn al-Rashid took the princehood from them, and their younger brother 'Abd-al-Rahman al-Faysal had to go to Kuwait for Mubarak al-Sabah. Al 'Abd-al-'Aziz coalesced around Faysal, who was one of the staunch callers for splintering against King Sa'ud, the current king Fahd Bin 'Abd-al-'Aziz. A massacre almost happened when Sa'ud ordered the head of the royal guard to kill all his brothers and their adult sons. Then finally, Saud was deposed. Even he was called a ruler, who should be obeyed. As for killing King Faysal, it happened with the knowledge of Fahd and his brothers. They also had blood on their hands by killing King Khalid, who was announced dead all of a sudden when in good health, while he was boarding his aircraft to move from Riyadh to Jeddah. We have kings and princes who are apostates, and others who are infidels, and others helpless betrayers. As for the first part, they are the kings and princes of the Arab and Islamic countries. Those we have talked about previously, but if anyone wants to know more about that part, he must read the documents and what was written about those kings during the recent decades. That clearly shows the extent of their agency to the Crusaders and the extent to which they committed violations of Islam. which led to their infidelity and apostasy. Among the books that are available on that are the documents that the Crusaders disclosed, after the passage of thirty years. These are available on the market, and they talk in detail about that agency in the Middle East. One is the book that MUHAMMAD Hassanayn Haykal authored, which is called (Talk on politics), and he is considered a witness to them, as he was a minister at that period of time and he lived and had contact with the ministers and princes and was privy to the secrets. Nature of nations The nature of nations differs from one nation to the other. Accordingly, they are different in their degree of flammability and revolt against oppression and the occupier. A nation like India for example, remained under British occupation for about three centuries, and the Arab nation in the Levant, that remained under European occupation for more than ten centuries and did not revolt against the Europeans to free its land except after they took to Islam. I tell the Arab nationalists, here is Palestine; when the liberation movements were in the hands of the non-Islamic Arab leadership, it ended after it came out of Lebanon in the beginning of the eighties. With the PLO members distributed over some Arab countries like Tunisia, Sudan and Yemen, the Palestinian issue almost died. People gave in to reality, and 'Arafat remained roaming between Sanaa, Khartoum and Tunisia, until the heat of Jihad in Afghanistan started to reach the Islamic world, especially Palestine. Only a few years passed until the blessed Intifada ignited at the hands of the Islamists of Palestine people, Hamas and its sisters. The outcome of the Intifada, that exhausted the Jews, was that Arab nationalists headed by 'Arafat were brought in. That was the first blessed Intifada. The conclusion is that the nation has no way out, except by holding on to Islam and establishing it. So, what is being arranged now, spreading the religion of democracy, is very dangerous. In addition to being apostasy and disbelief in Allah and his messenger (PBUH), it also means that the nation will enter a long tunnel of slavery to the west, that it will never get out of unless it returns to its religion. This happened for the first time when it adopted Islam fourteen centuries earlier. Those who talk about the extent of the Crusader attack, and use that as justification for submission and surrender to that campaign and accept the core of its goals which is adopting democracy, which is in truth slavery to the capitalists in the west. They are cheating themselves and their nation by saying that we will appease them for some time, even though we do not like that. Reality is forcing us to get along with them; those are throwing their nation into the sea with its hands tied while she is still alive, on the hope to get her out after centuries when the situation changes, which is impossible. And we may wonder why Muslims want to apply democracy? The clear answer is that they did not apply Islam, even though democracy is a different religion, and whoever adopts is knowingly is an infidel. The Emirs and the scholars deceived people for decades that they are living under Islam, and the truth of the matter is that we live under the shadow of a ruler that rules us with his whims, and with what is dictated by the American government, or what is called the dictator regime. That is why people started looking at democracy. Both sects are infidelity that we denounce, except that democracy is less oppressive than dictatorship. Those scholars and Emirs are the one that bear a large part of the responsibility in turning people away from their religion by their lies, deceit, and false testimony, because they got the people to believe that Islam is the ruler, and that the ruler is Islam. So the common people need their own personal security to provide for their means of dignified life, and the ruler has to guide them to the agreed upon doctrine. People by nature do not like struggle and blood, as it is heavy on their souls and hated, especially if it is with their ruler. But the amazing thing is that America wants to impose democracy by using jet aircraft, and what democracy is America talking about, if it prohibits freedom of speech on Al Jazeera network; they must review any material before it is broadcast to the people. What democracy, if they are tightening on the personal freedoms inside the United States. Americans are complaining about the extent of tightening by the American government domestically. In a study conducted, it is said that the Fox network -that is allied with the government- transmitted an unbalanced picture to deceive the American opinion. So here are their dealings inside America, and the direct and indirect confiscation of liberty [The written subject, about liberty in America and the truth about democracy]. The occupation of Palestine, dividing it, and the great dilemmas that the Palestinian people are living under, from killing, destruction and relocation, happened under the name of democracy. The occupation of Iraq was conducted by systems that hoist the banner of freedom and democracy, so it is not correct, in any way sensible or logical, to call for democracy because that is a dedication to the expansion of the American occupation to the whole region. It is an ignorant religion that contradicts and opposes Islam, and a Muslim cannot demand the application and the supremacy of anything other than Islam. As for the people calling for democracy, they do not want the western democracy in its detail, which allowed many of the forbidden sins. What they mean by that is the nation's right to choose the ruler, and a Shura council to oversee and monitor. So I say to them that we have to call things by their real names, and there is no need to confuse and mix things on the people. The requirements of calling for that sect is to give a small number of people control over the rest of the nation, and obviously that is the open apostasy that Allah has warned us of. As the nation's right in choosing the ruler is a minute part of democracy, it is not possible that -because of that minute part- we bring that doctrine to rule. That sect, which was marketed by the international media and showed its falsehood and deception after the raids of New York and Washington, while Islam should have been called to rule after a century-long absence from real life. So, choosing the ruler is a right for the nation in Islam [the scholars text is on that, but if the nation neglects using that right, then it does not help. The doctrine is like medicine; regardless of how good that medicine is, if the patient does not take it, it does not cure him of his disease and it does not improve his condition. So the Egyptian regime and other Arab regimes, that called for democracy but the citizen's condition did not improve. The democracy that was called for was not applied, so the solution is only in Islam. People neglect to conduct their duties towards asking for their rights, so the fault is with us and we have to treat our ailment, not ask for apostate outsider to our religion and nation doctrines. We have to unify our understandings and scales about our issue that we are talking about. We also have to make sure that our understandings of the important issues -that we talk about in their names and expressions- are correct understandings, so that it is easy for us to understand and continue the march with vision, so that we do not have different standards or unfair standards. Here Allah said "Woe to those that deal in fraud, those who, when they have to receive by measure from men, exact full measure, but when they have to give by measure or weight to men, give less than due. Do they not think that they will be called to account on a Mighty Day, a day when (all) mankind will stand before the Lord of the Worlds?" 83:1-6. So when the understanding is not complete for the meaning of worship, then the standards are upset, and things are not made right. Like what happened on the issue of Jihad in Iraq; that Jihad is clearer than Jihad against the Jews in Palestine. The Crusaders and the apostate in Iraq (and he who splinters with the Prophet), Jihad today in Iraq is clearer than Jihad when we were in Afghanistan. We used to push for it, and say that it a duty on Muslims, then the ignorant who depended on the oppressors came out on us and called it a feud Jihad because of Saddam being the ruler. All the rulers now are Saddams, because they knew of his crimes that they are now talking about, however they were helping him. Then they exceeded him in injustice and tyranny, when they cooperated with America in imposing that unfair siege, in which more than one million children died. There is no power without Allah. And their role in the first Gulf War, which came by American instructions, while the Jews exploited that condition to receive hundreds of thousands of new Jews and expanded the settlements. Despite all of that, some people are restricting their thinking to what is possible and what is not possible. Maybe they do not understand things as they are, which is what I felt with many of the dignitaries. I told them that Saddam will attack the Arab countries, but their response was that "it is not possible, how can you say that? Saddam is a friend and the kingdom supported him immensely." But who is responsible for that level of thinking that controls people? It is the locally directed media that restricted people's thinking to a closed circle which pointed out that Saddam was a sincere friend, that the kingdom was bolstering for ten years, and that he is the knight, the hero, and the guardian of the eastern gate. Despite that, he attacked Kuwait as I said and as I warned. The media have impressed everyone, even the dignitaries, because they did not properly read the new or old history of the kings. Kings have no sincerity or sanctity and nothing is important to them except the king himself. He might sacrifice his brother, his father or his son, it does not matter; what matters is preserving his throne. So here is a king who ordered bombing of the Ka'bah in the days of Juhayman, so there is no hope for him. Any wise person will not count on him, as he is ready to negotiate anything away, the country, the people, the fortunes, and anything. So how do we convince the people, synthesize them, develop their thinking, and get them to avoid the influence of the directed international and local media? That is how Palestine was lost, while people were watching and saying its possible and it's not possible, until the division article was issued and it was divided. They are betting on time, and the rise of new generations that are less devoted to their issues and more docile. When the Soviets invaded Afghanistan, we used to say to them that the goal of that invasion was to reach the Arabian Peninsula across the warm waters of the Gulf. They did not believe that, and said it was not possible. Even the September events, America used to say that it was impossible that someone would dare to attack a country like us. And it happened, praise Allah, and when America declared war against Afghanistan, and we declared that this was a third world war on Islam and the Islamic world, many people said that was impossible, and that it was America settling accounts with al-Qa'ida. Someone came out to say that al-Qa'ida made its own fatwa, without the Islamic nation, and started the war with America without consulting Muslims, and al-Qa'ida should bear the reaction against them and we will not do anything for them. Bush's statements were very clear and open, confirming that the was war on the Islamic world and not on al-Qa'ida, and that there were intentions. He said that the war would last for decades and that it would reach sixty countries. So did he have to say fifty seven countries to be understood that it is the Islamic world? Does it make sense that war with al-Qa'ida would last for decades, while they had in their account that the first attack would enable them to capture al-Qa'ida leadership and the whole organization would disappear? At least that was their estimate, and some leaders from Taliban offered the idea of negotiating to hand over or remove UBL from Afghanistan. So now there is war, and an official decision was issued from America to refuse (TN: the Taliban) as there was a plan to take over Afghanistan. That was evident by recently handing it over to NATO. So then the threat became Iraq. It is unacceptable that the nation remained in its slumber like its stance of Afghanistan, where it was standing as an audience and in severe neglect. This proves that the media magic and the huge media machine are wrapping people and preparing and justifying for the opponent. They are either apostates or naïve, repeating like parrots. They were preparing for Zayid's conspiracy, which was adopted by the Gulf states at the highest level. They are asking Saddam to step down to avoid bloodshed, so can a sensible one call this great treason a peace initiative? That is what is called victory without war, as the goal from bombardment and destruction in a war is to deliver the opponent to a state that break his will and surrender, which can happen. But for the will to break before the war, then that is the ultimate defeat. Or, we call the ultimate treason a peace initiative, where the Zayid initiative included delivering Iraq with all its contents and women and children, without war, to be ripped off from what is left to them. And we stress such serious issues because in such events and wills, Nixon was bragging and he wrote his book (Victory without War). So such great matters in the Islamic nation must be looked at with a jurisprudence view, then we consult with ourselves. Then we will still have a jurisprudence duty, preparing ourselves to confront these great events that happened -and they are many- that were the reasons for the enemy's success. Also, there were the people thinking of the impossible, in addition to the academia and the writers that market for these treasons and deceits across their writings. So it is not correct to say that the Crusaders came to liberate Iraq, as that is a lie from the infidel to invade the land of Muslims. It is the obligatory duty to confront the enemy that is attacking the Muslim land, and nothing will stop that tyrant invasion of the seat of the caliphate, stealing its fortunes, except Jihad. Muslim youth should not waste their time in waiting and going after whims and analysis, whether it is possible or impossible. Like Prince 'Abdallah, when he said that these armies when they came to Iraq are not for a war, and that in his perception a war was not going to happen, and then the war happened, and took over Iraq, and spread to the rest of the region. A Muslim should hurry to obey Allah's rules and orders; if he hears that the enemy is ready to invade the land of Islam, then he has to respond to the call of Jihad. The proper situation is that the adults would come first and carry the banner, but they have carried the burden of families and family needs, in addition to them growing up in bad psychological conditions that made their souls fragile afraid and dragging. They know the dangers and harm of staying behind, but they have lost the will to resist and defend the truth. Accordingly, the youth should not waste a long time waiting for the adult dignitaries, as large events passed fourteen years ago and they had not moved a hand. So, waiting for them is a delay of energy and waste of time. The youth will have to take the initiative and move, which is what we tried a quarter of a century ago, when the Afghan Jihad was started in 1979. We put our efforts into attempting to convince the elite of our scholars and leaders of Islamic work, but uselessly either in the land of the two holies or other Islamic world countries. They were using frail excuses that were not suitable to the size of the event and the presence of the largest superpower there. So, despite our young age and lack of experience, we had to enter the battle and hoist the banner until Allah guided us with his kindness and with the efforts of the Afghan mujahidin and those Arab brothers and others who supported them. So, there must be an annulling of the opinions of those who do not measure matters with the scale of Islam, even if they are called big titles, like the great journalist or the elite academia. Caution must be taken of them and their writings, as reality disputes their dreams. Half a century earlier, people ran after Arab nationalism, and Jamal 'Abd-al-Nasir in Egypt raised its banner, and it was the main item for the radio broadcasts of voices of Arabs from Cairo. Many newspapers and hired pens hinged the hopes of the nation on that direction, until today there are those who think that the direction was correct because they do not weigh men and their actions with the scale of Islam. Events and reality proved that that direction was a mirage that easily deceived, while the true Muslims, who weighed the matter since then with the scale of Islam, were sure that it was a mirage and deception. So the Egyptian regime hit at the honest of the sons of that nation, who uncovered that deception and falsehood. In 1948 the state of the Jews was established in occupied Palestine, and the Jews' army numbered twenty-five thousand with moderate weapons and equipment. The revolution of 'Abd-al-Nasir and his companions was in its fourth year, so he took to the microphone for eighteen years to deceive people and lie to them. In 1967 al-Aqsa, Golan and Sinai were taken under the shadow of 'Abd-al-Nasir and the nationalist Ba'ath party in the Arab countries. Qadhafi was bragging and using the big journalist testimony, that 'Abd-al-Nasir told him that he was his replacement on the Arab nationalism which he recently abandoned. Then he is signaling that he will surrender to the Crusader Zionist alliance that is led by America, as all the regimes are like that, and no one will ask to work with these regimes or reform through their gates except one ignorant of the truth of these regimes or a known apostate. Here is Sa'd al-Din Ibrahim, refusing the armed dialogue from the sons of the country with the government to take back their rights. That is a big error, as when the ruler becomes an apostate only the power of arms can get the rights back. He and his like of the same thought have openly called for a violation of Islam, by helping the infidels to occupy the land of Islam. Sa'd al-Din declared under the cover and deception of assisting in regaining our rights from the rulers. The other part, that refuses to cooperate with the infidels to occupy the country as a result of their doctrine, it pushed people to cooperate with the Crusaders to extract their rights from the tyrant betraying rulers. All of those doctrines are extremely dangerous because of two facets: First: A great danger to their religion, as they are displacing Allah's rulings with their own whims. That is one of the cardinal sins as it is obvious, and cannot come from a Muslim. Allah said "It is not fitting for a Believer, man or woman, when a matter has been decided by God and His Apostle to have any option about their decision: if any one disobeys God and His Apostle, he is indeed on a clearly wrong Path." 33:36. And the Almighty said "But no, by the Lord, they can have no (real) Faith, until they make thee judge in all disputes between them, and find in their souls no resistance against Thy decisions, but accept them with the fullest conviction." 4:65. Second: That those bearing it are obstructing people from the doctrine of Allah, and a distraction in their religion, as they prevent them from taking their rights in the means that Allah prescribed. This leads some of them to think and act on the doctrine of that losing and lost. Sa'd al-Din Ibrahim, for example, I am starving and I have a right from the government for money and food, and you are telling me you cannot take your rights, so I have no choice but to eat dead animals. You are pushing me to eat it, which is allowable if it is a necessity, but not allowed to help the infidel to occupy the land of Muslims. It is human instinct to eat and live. You are pushing me to walk in the steps of Karzai, Chalabi, and Sa'd al-Din Ibrahim. It is sorrowful that these are talking in the name of the religion and in the name of preventing Muslim bloodshed, do you want to collect donations for the homeless and the Saudi refugees? Do you want that we be like the people in Sarayun (sic)? As those have gone to the tyrants and the hard hearts and blinded visions, and started to repeal Allah's rules with their whims, Almighty said, "Then seest thou such a one as takes as his god his own vain desire? God has, knowing (him as such), left him astray." 45:23. To falsely testify to support the evil and bolster the apostate ruler is much greater than sitting back from Jihad when it becomes a duty, and much greater than skipping the Friday prayers three weeks in a row, despite both sins being cardinal ones. So if Allah has threatened whoever neglects either of the duties with a stamp on his heart, so how is that person to see after that? So how about he who stood under the banner of apostates? Allah said "They prefer to be with (the women), who remain behind (at home): their hearts are sealed and so they understand not." 9:87. And the Prophet (PBUH) said "whoever skips three consecutive Fridays, Allah will stamp on his heart" the Prophet (PBUH) said "there will come deceptive years on the people....." and al-Muthanna Ibn Harithah said to the Prophet (PBUH) when he invited him to say the Shihadah, "this will be something that the kings will hate." Reformers are of classes: First: reformers, as Allah and his messenger (PBUH) ordered. Second: reformers, by peaceful means. The ones who remain with the women are two classes: A- A class that wants Islam without an internal fight. B- A class that wants democracy with an external fight and enlist America's help, like the apostates did in the transitional governing council. So the ones who want Islam without fighting, attempt to plant divisiveness into the ranks that want Islam, as it is not fair or logical that the apostate will hold on to his apostasy and his military forces. 