 May Allah make you His good servants and reward you martyrdom while you are in an attack not a retreat My gracious brother, we apologize for the delay in replying because the site is closed, may Allah punish them. They also attacked all jihadist sites except Ana al-Muslim which became exposed (smile), so we are too (exposed). So people like us who write on it (jihadist site) are viewed as infiltrators. Your respectful message, as you stated, yes brother Abu--al-Rahman has his circumstances but who knows, perhaps the surrounding circumstances will change; then Iran will attack. Consequently, he and others would leave, but he did not change any of his past opinions. We are now facing heavy pressures. They are taking daily one of Abu-Salim (var. Abu- Just yesterday, they called in one of his close associates, the supervisor of al-Shura Forum, and put him in prison. This latter just had left my house three hours earlier. May Allah protect us if they knock at our doors. Despite that, I wrote to you a message. I think if Iran will attack, the whole equation in the region would then change. Abu-Salim swears that it is going to happen because events indicate it, which is inevitable whether politically or effectually. So, prior to that, it is a must to segregate Syria and neutralize the devil party in Lebanon, and then Iran would attack; only Allah knows. As for Abu-Salim, by Allah, he is at risk and I think that if he leaves Kuwait without a guarantee, he will be immediately captured. So he (Abu-Salim) cannot travel except to Qatar-Doha or Emirates. However, Abu-Salim uses his website to reply to recent events while most scholars are in hiding or in prison, such as Mutliq al-Rashash, who wish to silence him. Even the American ambassador and government tried a great deal to do so. But as they say, it is a legal establishment. Perhaps they will release through his site his studies and books on suppression, so these latter will not escape abroad, especially to Iraq. Particularly that the shaykh does not support the operations inside Kuwait unless they are against Americans; so he (the shaykh) gives the silence sign, which means o attack At least we have the replies to use them to confront people of false rumors and failures, such as the advice of the distasteful The shaykh says that al-Qardawi devastatingly exposed us, enough flattering and advising, he is tied up; they bought him and finished him up as well as others; may Allah grant us safety and stability?? Gracious brother, as for the Iraqi subject, it is evident that there is no need for doubts. The subject is very critical and the battle is historic as the damned Bush said, that the first thing sought for now is the head of al-organization and its members. And, if it does not take serious vigilance, everyone is going to fiercely assail it (al-; and you know the Iraqi people and their history. They would consider now my statement to Islam and the state, may Allah strengthen the state to completely destroy America. The conspiracy that you see following America withdrawal is the split that has been approved by the Congress. The atheist al-Hashimi says today that Iraq will be divided in the absence of reconciliation. People are fighting against the country, look now at Iraqi Hamas representatives, who declare on al-Jazeera (TV) that al-Qa'ida is killing our leaders and the front is disloyal. If they think we are traitors, we all slander each other and so I pray to Allah to fight them. What I want to say is that Shaykh Abu-Salim states that he gave his advice and knew ahead of time that this was going to happen, even to a greater extent; and that Salafi jihadi groups do not see eye to eye or claim they are Salafist, because you are going to hold them accountable for their claims. The shaykh says that they should meet together according to his fatwa guidance and what is published on his website. The shaykh frankly warned the front and others that they will be destroyed if the state is destroyed, so at this point they should not blame anyone but themselves. He also warned them for games, promises, and negotiations. The shaykh cannot write about the internal disputes; otherwise he will be considered backing one side against another, and he has enough of it on his plate. The problems of Iraq are endless and whoever gets involved in them must have enough details, otherwise it is wiser that he remains quiet. But my own humble opinion, which I expressed to the shaykh, is that the plot of all factions is to get rid of al-in Iraq. The reasons are that al-assess the stand thoroughly, and also because of the quality of stubborn and difficult Iraqis. Although these are not the main causes; but because of the pressures from all surrounding countries to get rid of it (al-in order to confront Iran. However, their concern is impending withdrawal. These latter were unable to confront al-, so this is why the internal fight between factions is inevitable. This is the game of America and the tyrants. The way I see it is that the country should take away this card from their hands, call for an initiative, or have a meeting to unify jihadist factions, and to place conditions. Naming the state is not an issue; it can be changed. The important thing is the substance to uphold supreme word, and for the state to have an authoritative voice with the largest share. Because, when it comes to greatest jihadi goals, Iraq is a station, not the end of the road. The agreement of this station should be based on principles, even if it is on a lower level, as long as it is used as experienced jihadi incubators in order to progress on a solid ground. Having a safe place to return to is better than insisting on negotiating on a simple thing as what to name the state. There is no harm to meet even with the Sururi , as long as it contributes toward achieving the goals, or at least some of them. These Sururi are not like the Gulf who will fight over naming the state with tooth and nail. So the country is theirs, and they are fighters and they will not hesitate to fight. So, one has to be careful, and my opinion is that Iraq is the last country to be thought of as a land of caliphate, for it is land of sins, tribulations, and hardships. The caliphate would be in "Bilad al Sham", this is my personal opinion. So, al-Q should turn it as an incubator station for the great project. Do not insist on anything that can be achieved in different ways; as the saying goes: ake the grapes and leave the guard This is my humble opinion, and God knows best. Brother, I will not talk about the wrong priorities such as al-communiqué on wearing veils, banning satellites, and disobedience. Honestly shaykh, I was shocked. I read your apologies to them. By brother, may his soul rest, was married to four Iraqi women, only one remained with him!! When Saddam invaded us in Kuwait, her brothers came from Basra and they wanted to kick her out and confiscate her house!!! May Allah help the state in dealing with them. Brother, the war with Iran is an actuality, no way to prevent it, only Allah knows. If it happens, no doubt the beneficiaries will be the jihadists. As the situation becomes more chaotic, the tyrants will collapse. According to S is going to benefit jihad by expanding to Sham. In case Iran was able to resist and hold its forces the first three days of concentrated onslaughts, and was able to hold the attack and defend back by attacking all American bases and armies in the region, also if it was able to attack its neighboring countries, this would create shift to all Gulf countries? In case Iran and all its defenses collapse, and it turns out to be nothing , and we find out that all its threats are empty, America will have more control and will divide the region based on a new map that starts in Iraq. Next comes the pressure and implementation by the congress, then Saudi Arab(NFI); the signs are evident and tangible, and only Allah knows. But the important question is what would be your position and strategic position? A Christian-Arab-Gulf-Jewish conflict against the pagan Persians and Romans, nobody will be able to stay on the sidelines, each one will be pulled to a side whether they like it or not; and there gray area?? We should study this issue very well because any operation or threat at that time, or any threat before it, to attack oil facilities and others, will benefit Rafidites (Shiites). This Thus, they will release them (scholars) from prisons to congregate against Rafidite, including their own people . And if someone stands against them, he will be standing against the religion. I know that scholars see the Radifites threat as being very dangerous?? ; an eradicator harmful to religion. The governments and America fight with it.... Shaykh Abu-Salim wrote a lot about it; we should look at his site. He is going to write more, so we must take it in consideration. As for your stand, it is a must to study it thoroughly, and my opinion is it (the stand) should be completely neutral, not supporting any side, remaining quiet and not issuing any statement. When al-Zawahiri spoke about the underdogs , about the devil Hasan Nasrallah who said that al- was supporting Rafidites; these were all lies to profit from the situation in order to distort its (al-Q) reputation. Thus,demonstrations took place in the Gulf, siding with the evil Hizballah, and if it was not for Shaykh Hamid and Bin-Jubrin giving fatwas against them, proving their malice and exposing their plans. So, in case the war starts, we must study the stand vigilantly, but who am I, Shaykh, to tell you this? You could take my , I will love you more and this would not have any negative effect on me. Our gracious shaykh, you might know Svis-à-position in Palestine. And, you might have read my powerful reply to Ahmad al-Bawadi on his harsh words on Hamas, calling them traitors and using bad words as infidels. All their arguments are based on their assumptions that the gracious Shaykh al-Zawahiri called them traitors and infidels and distinguished between the leaderships, Hamas and al-Qassam battalion. He (al-Zawahiri) also wanted to disturb their ranks and create corruption among them. Your reply to Shaykh al-Zawahiri was good. We published it and presented its meaning. Then, we apologize for the harshness of the message that is inappropriate, to whom you know. We urge you not to repeat in your statements these types of harshness, but instead they should start with praise, encouragement, support, guidance, advice, and then end in a firm fashion. The reason is, our shaykh, that by doing this you would lose popularity, extension, and support; and this would only benefit your enemies. Brother, you saw and heard the negative reactions of Abu-al-Layth al-Libi and others. So, the Palestinian cause is central and there is no chance to correct its (cause) mistakes. We do know the curriculum of the brothers; we lived with them for years. We know that it is not fixable, worth nothing, and would not lead a state. On the other hand, the land of steadfastness is completely different, as you know. They challenge bullets; and this should be taken into consideration when you condemn them. Thus, we should not ignore and misinterpret the fact in our messages by describing it as mistrust, infidelity, or other wording, may Allah bless you. Lastly, our shaykh, do you know Abu-Bakr Naji? This is an important question. I read his book; it is the most despicable in history. When Shaykh Hamid just saw its aberrance; is this by al-Qa Then I read his (Abu-Bakr Naji) Managing Savagery,which lacks authenticity, facts, and significance. The reply on the contents of the book controls the mind of people of/with excessiveness, which is recommended and published on forums as it is written by the top al-authors and theorists. The book was published on al-Hisbah, Ana-al-Muslim, and others, and the strategy of al-is taken from it??!! Do you know him? my firm disapproval, especially the science of the ignorant, especially the authenticity of the ideological curriculum. Unlike you, who are known , Husayn Bin Mahmud is known, al-Muqdisi and Abu-al-Layth are also known; but I have doubts that this is implanted. I read many of his writings on forums, all is odd and strange??!! I urge you to clarify this so I will be fully aware. If you send an answer, I might be late to reply until al-Shura site opens, because it was closed like all jihadist sites. The attacks (NFI) are ferocious and arrests increased even in our area. They detained Abu-Muhammad, the owner of the lounge, and he was released on bail. We will inform you after the site is back by a short message, God willing, especially because I want to discuss some issues regarding curriculum and stance of groups and members, and God willing, after that everything will go well. At the end, I pray to almighty Allah to protect you. Please keep us in your prayers, for we are weak and frail and capable of nothing without help from God. I apologize if my statements hurt you. End of full translation 