 /3: Mujahidin Shura council in Iraq ( A statement regarding details of what took place after the martyrdom incident and documents which were claimed to have been found) The truth behind the documents which the Iraqi government claims it found. In the name of Allah the most merciful the most gracious “ Oh God, point the shooting and make our steps steadfast” All thanks to Allah who said: “His similarity is that of a dog; if you attack him, he lolls out his tongue, or if you leave him alone, he (still) lolls out his tongue. That's is the similarity of those who reject our signs; so relate the story; perchance they may reflect”: 176 Al-A'raf Sura. Two lies are still told by the crusaders and their lackeys who are lovers of pleasure and traitors who are counted as Sunni people, and repeated since the day of invasion by the crusaders on Mesopotamia land. With regard to the first lie: That the Jihadi movement in Iraq is becoming a matter of time, and all they have left are a few days. The second lie: That the enemy has begun to realize the routes and plans belonging to the terrorists and they were able to obtain important documents. /3: Then, Muwaffaq Al-((Rib'i)), who is a lover of pleasure (May Allah misguide him), gave a statement similar to the second lie wherein he (vicious liar) announced that they found important documents in the house which was attacked and resulted in the death of Sheikh Zarqawi (we ask Allah to accept his martyrdom). And we say in response to “lover of pleasure” statement: Are these documents that you found this time consistent with what you found last month in Yusifiyah-South of Baghdad??!! If the answer is yes, then this time it is worthless. And if the answer is no, and that the documents this time are very dangerous, then let him (Rib'i) and the rest of his government members step outside the green zone, even if it is for a few meters, so that the rest of the world can believe that terror in Iraq is ending!! We, the Mujahidin Shura council, confirm the statement that the documents which they claim they obtained is unfounded, and that this government stands on lies, and lives on lies, and it is going to sink soon in their own ocean of lies. And when the crusaders flee the land of Mesopotamia, and when they depart the land unsuccessful and defeated, with Allah's help, then they will hear the punishment and the screams of those imposters, that is, if they still have a tongue to do so. And Allah is the victor, but the crusaders and rejectionists and infidels don't know. And Allah is great. /3: {But honor belongs to God and His Apostles, and to the Believers; but the Hypocrites Know not} Mujahidin Shura council in Iraq Media Committee for Mujahidin Shura Council in Iraq The Source: (Al Fajr media center) Saturday 21 Jumada I-Ula 1427 17 June 2006 