 In the Name of Allah, the Merciful, the Beneficent. My dear Brother ‚Adnan, Allah protect you all and watch over you. Peace be upon you with the mercy and blessings of Allah. I hope that this letter finds you all well, in good health, peace, and agreement with the All-constant Allah. The binder I sent to you all covers four main topics: The First Topic: Letters which the Brothers in the Ansar al-Sunnah organization sent to me. They do not differ much from the previous correspondence. They contain complaints and allegations. They also sent another message to me (a Word doc) that contains a scanned copy of a hand-written letter. They claimed that the author of the letter is in charge of the western region belonging to the Islamic State of Iraq (ISI). It contains the same speech as the letter in which I sent: the necessity of gathering all of the other elements under the ISI [banner], otherwise the ISI will exercise its right to forbid them from carrying out operations. [They claim] that if they carry out work without authorization from the ISI, that they will consider them sinful and deserving of punishment and that they will consider them as (striving)..!! This is what the words were. Of course, this is a mistake in my opinion. If they continue like this they will perish and make others perish..!! We ask that Allah guide us and our Brothers from all evil. I did not send you all a copy of the letter because it is a very large file (roughly 5MB) and it's difficult to send it between us via mail. The remainder of the letters that they sent me, I gathered them in one folder for you all to review and see what is appropriate. In my opinion, there must be an effort to speak with them and with our Brothers in sending correspondence and guidance in an attempt to resolve the issue and for future unity. This is an important matter, but we cannot rush to accept some of these allegations, we must be careful of this. Because there are many and it's been known for some time and many of which do not pan out after examination, God knows. The Second Topic: Letters from the Brothers in Lebanon, from the northern Brothers (the people of Tripoli), one of which is a response to a request to them to give an assessment of the Abu Mihjan group and the Abu al-Husayn group. The last group (the Abu al-Husayn group) they are the ones that sent a letter to al-Sadiq roughly four months ago requesting a deal. They are the ones that I mentioned to you all previously. It's my opinion Œ with what information I've learned about them thus far Œ to stay in contact with them and pass guidance as possible, only. As for the Tripoli group, they are the best of them all and I prefer them. They are people of the region and not immigrants. I don't think that it's a bad idea to enter into cooperation with them and offer guidance. If they agree to a deal, this is possible. However, we would want to ask them to send a messenger (representative) in the future to become more acquainted with them. Allah is the facilitator. The Third Topic: A letter from the Brothers of the Abu Asma' Kurdish group. I requested this from them and they replied, writing something brief to know more about the group and to make communication with the Shaykh and with you all, Allah protect you all. And the Brother "'Arif," he is now their Emir, as a successor to Abu Asma', Allah have mercy on him. The Fourth Topic: The most recent letter that I have received from al-Karrumi. In it are the responses that he wrote, regarding some of the allegations and accusations that have been directed at them. Allah is the Facilitator. Note: Please pass on to our Brother, the Shaykh, the letters from al-Karrumi and al-Ansar, as these are of greater importance, that he may read them and provide his opinion and guidance. That is why I transferred them, to be viewed by him and by all of you. May Allah reward you well and bless you all. Peace be upon you with the mercy and blessing of Allah. Your loved one, Mahmud. 15 March 2007 