 ( of 8) Praise be to Allah and may peace, Allah's mercy and blessings be upon Allah's messenger and upon his household, companions and all of those who followed in his footsteps. Henceforth: My Muslim Nation: Enjoy the blessings of your triumphs and may Allah bestow mercy on your martyrs, heal the wounds of your wounded and relieve your captives. Days of glory have come into view for the Muslims, while some rulers have disappeared from the thrones of Arabs. Often the Ummah has been anticipating the glad tidings of triumph to emerge from the East yet all of a sudden, the Sun of revolution has come out from the West. The revolutions' light has come out from Tunisia to entertain the Ummah and brighten the people's faces while choking the rulers. With the overthrowing of the despot, the meanings of humiliation, subservience, fear and recoiling have tumbled and replaced by the meanings of freedom, glory, challenge and boldness. So the winds of change have blown expressing desire for liberation, and Tunisia was the very first. At the speed of thunder, the knights of Egypt have adopted from the liberals of Tunisia and took to the al-Tahrir Square, launching a great revolution, not one for the sake of food or clothes yet for honor and self-esteem. A revolution of sacrifice and giving, that illuminated the Nile cities and villages from their lowest to their uppermost parts. The young men of Egypt have seen the early glory appear to them and became nostalgic to their grandfathers' era, so they stood up against falsehood not fearing its soldiers, while pledging to one another with unwavering resolve and unity. The revolution is promising (the ouster of the chief dictator, a country at peace and joyous public.) To the liberals, be in control of every initiative and become cautious during negotiation, as the righteous by no means need to concede to the deceptive. Remember that the revolution of Egypt is fateful for Egypt and the Ummah as a whole. Allah has bestowed on you some days that shall be followed by others, you are the knights and leaders of which, and in your hands is its rein and leadership. The Nation has saved you for this momentous event (the march towards the goal is in progress and the honorable and resolute of men will neither waver nor stop). So, complete the march, make little of (never dread) any difficulty until you realize the aspired goals, for your revolution is the pivot point where the victims have placed their hopes and it has made us proud, may Allah make you proud and with it your Nations' aspirations will be realized, may yours too. You have approached a dead-end similar to that of Tariq, the desperation is behind you and the hope is ahead of you. With blood a lost honor is redeemed, and for the sake of his den the lion dies. Who would blame those who have sacrificed the precious soul for His Lord and for resisting falsehood? ( of 8) Collaboration and praise for all the existing revolutions– the issue of slavery– - To my Muslim countrymen, you are at a dangerous crossroad, with a scarce historical chance to end this slavery of local and international subordination. It would be a major offense and ignorance if you let this opportunity, which for long decades the Ummah has been waiting for, be wasted. Thus seize it and destroy the idols (and the means whereby the people are worshiping these days) and ignite a revolution to preserve that of the millions, through raising awareness and correcting beliefs that for tens of years were tailored to fit the (oppressive) rulers' interests. The best publication for realizing this goal is the great book "Thoughts That Must Be Corrected" by al-Shaykh Muhammad Qutb. Before closing: I would like to remind the honest and jurisprudents in both religion and worldly matters of the necessity to establish a council responsible for offering advice and vision to Muslims in this critical stage. While such a thing is a religious duty and intellectual necessity, rather, it's a very pressing duty and security issue. Indeed some of the Islamic scholars are widely trusted by Muslims and upon those this duty falls. They must (establish) the council, independent of the tyrannical regimes' authority. We are also required to exert utmost effort to mobilize the sincere and skilled intellectuals available in the entire Islamic Ummah, whose stances give witness to their honesty, who neither compromised nor flattered the rulers. Those who have constantly kept the Ummah informed about the need for change (tackling the tyranny issue). (We also validate that the adulators remain incapable of shouldering this responsibility, even when renouncing adulation, as this task could only be borne by the unwavering men. Moreover, we should add that the adulators have jeopardized the previous revolutions, al-Zindani, indeed those who are passive are part of the problem.) It is also essential that the Council seeks the assistance of research centers which are competent and up to this phase's challenge, for the rapidity of events and their enormous size require swift action to address them; the youth must consult both the experts and sincere people who are endowed with the above characteristics (while this could not be delayed until the Council is established). Pending the formation of the council and assuming its task of providing guidance to Muslims on all different aspects of religion and culture, in order to alter the effects of the destructive intellectual and economic invasion, to rectify what is rectifiable of the water crises and the huge food gap and political, to assist the people whose revolutions have ended to determine the next steps in order to preserve ( of 8) the revolution and fulfill its goals and help those still struggling to topple their dictators with for bringing about instant results. Also, to offer advice to the people whose revolutions have not started as of yet, to determine the zero hour for the revolution and needed preparations before the zero hour, so as some of the (years of devising the role of the council and years of patronizing the revolution) the crucial stages are not aborted. The entire Muslim Ummah agrees on the imperative for ousting their despots (formulating and stating the attributions of the rulers incites the sense of honor of custody) by all legal means, yet they differ in some particular details, for every nation has a point where it would attain its proper quorum necessary for the success of its revolution. Therefore, a careful examination is required, to avoid any delay that may waste the opportunity. Delaying also multiplies the cost, while it is a duty to attempt to overthrow the existing regimes with the least possible cost. Likewise, any delay may jeopardize the revolution, and the revolution's success under such environment hinges upon, after Allah's will, (display the people's steadfastness, which is proven to be effective during the previous rebellion). It is to begin at the right time and be commanded by men of both sincerity and resolve, to whom both life and death is of no difference (never exposed). They will advance where it is required, will caution against any delay or reluctance, would meet torment with pleasure, overcome obstacles, honor their pledges with their belief and establish their credibility with their blood, patterning after the saying: (Poem) Even if I found the taste of death bitter, I have vowed not to die except honored. I only fear degradation or deception, yet I am a Muslim who will not flee. Lastly, indeed injustice and oppression has become widespread in our countries and must both be denied and changed, and Allah's Prophet, peace and blessing be upon him, said: (who has struggled against them–) and said as well (the master of the martyrs Hamzah Ibn 'Abd-al-Mutalib: a man stood up to an oppressive Imam, ordered and forbidden him, thus he killed him). So, blessed is he who enjoyed such a great sense of purpose for if killed, the master of the martyrs and if lived, among the happy (if survived shall live with honor) so, say the truth and care not. To say the truth to the tyrant is both fame and glad tiding, It is the path to life and the path to the Afterlife, So, if you wish you may die as slave or you may die as honorable man. ( of 8) O Allah, grant our relatives in Egypt clear victory, patience, certitude and guide their steps. Clauses Some of the Ummah's' sons are blessed with being versed in leadership, public affairs and have expertise in both religious and worldly matters. - The observance of reviving the spirit and sense of Ummah, so everyone would feel they are part of a single entity, and that his conditions are taken into account prior to taking action. Part of that is the significance of supporting the country where the rebellion has not started, and where, according to its neighbors' capability (as his rebellion is already underway and to take ones' time before revolting until able) to secure the supportive neighbor who is not busy, away from him. (Rank things according to importance and be mindful of performing things with perfection as much as possible.) Hence, Muslims have revolted in the East and West in support of the revolutions; their youth were at the forefront, in pursuance of overthrowing their regimes and tyranny and the blessed faithful, determined to accomplish the supreme duty of the hour, who have responded to its call with bravery. Thus, at the University of Sanaa, some resolute and honorable men gathered and sacrificed their souls for the sake of religion. Therefore, I am calling upon the honest, and especially the knowledgeable, articulate and well-off, to mobilize for the sake of raising its awareness and to spare nothing of use that could be offered for its procession even if by a word of support or a single dirham. The Ummah must observe raising the awareness to ward off negligence towards religion and the worldly matters alike, and the best material written to achieve this great requirement is the book (Thoughts That Must Be Corrected) and the book (Our Contemporary Reality), both by al-Shaykh Muhammad Qutb. Democracy. - O sons of the Islamic Ummah, in front of you is a dangerous crossroad and a historical opportunity to break free from this local and international slavery, so it would be a great sin and extensive ignorance to let this chance which the nation has long awaited be lost. So seize it, destroy the idols and construct the edifices of justice and philanthropy. - Ignite a rebellion to preserve the effort of millions, through enlightening the people and correcting beliefs that for tens of years been devised according to the rulers' opinions. The best material for achieving this great end is the book (Thoughts That Must Be Corrected) as well as (Our Contemporary Reality). Both books are authored by al-Shaykh Muhammad Qutb. The chapter for democracy? (Essential). ( of 8) - Arousing the tribal sense of honor in general and in particular for those adjoining Sanaa (the Prophetic traditions that have spoken about the promise of Yemen)– O sons of Qahtan, Allah Hath judged that the support of His Prophet, may peace and blessings be upon him, come from your forefathers, so be the supporters of Allah and His Prophet. The introduction of the book "Thoughts" in order to establish that everyone understood its central idea knew that the rulers were supposed to be overthrown decades ago. Part of the Councils' tasks is to enlighten the Ummah. The initiative of endurance and perseverance - And remember that Egypt's revolution is fateful for Egypt and the Ummah as a whole and the battle has become fierce in days that will follow; you are the knights and leaders, both the reins and leadership are in your hands and the Ummah has banked on you for this momentous event (comparison between this paragraph and the previous one). - Every continent has a country key to its revolution, and in such circumstance the revolution in that country must start and receive support from the neighboring nations until it succeeds and gets strong. Then the neighbors would start their own revolutions, which would provide a crucial element for backing their revolutions. Here it is worthy to mention that Yemen is key to the continent of Asia, and we in the Islamic world move together and sense that. We would follow through with those who have started and wait for those who have not yet started, until the right time comes, hinting to Syria and Saudi Arabia to postpone. What about Jordan, delay or early initiation? In order to not skip essential phases that might jeopardize the revolution and multiply its cost, on the other hand, must not delay beyond the right moment. Delay may also jeopardize the revolution and mislay the opportunity, due to the same threats of early initiation among the crucial stages prior to starting the revolution (raising people's awareness to beat the ruler). I am not going to kill a man that prays over another ruler from Quraysh (TN: Pre-Islam tribe Prophet Muhammad belonged to). He has his authority and the sin would fall upon me, God forbid, such is both impudence and recklessness. ( of 8) - Jordan is important and the book "The Structure of Ex-Ministers and Officers." (1-the basis for peoples' awareness, safety and means to goal realization lies in finding a scale whereby men's traits, deeds and words are weighed, while our grasp of the obligation towards "none beside Allah deserves to be worshipped" constitutes the essence. This scale is a golden one, rather its precision surpasses every scale of this worldly life, and holding fast to it would have prevented the bewilderment spent in the darkest oppression and ignorance. Equally, such offers us the best fortress that denies the enemy access, for setting up the treacherous as absolute masters over our countries, to execute their plans.) (If we have not already said it, the scale of "none beside Allah deserves to be worshipped" is the most decisive element for the protection of revolutions.) (In order to avoid mislaying the revolutions' goals, the revolution should at least establish a board of trustees before getting underway, then the board would run the country for a transitional period. It is also required to avoid letting one single demand dominate, as such would lead the rebels to falter once that demand is realized. Yet the cheering must persist and consist of the entire demands, and this way the revolution shall persist and thereby all demands would simultaneously be realized. It is also imperative to set up peoples' committees, in coordination with the Imams of mosques and dignitaries in every neighborhood responsible for security before the start of the revolution. This is even more required in the tribal societies.) (Should this be written or video?) - A psychological point, the soldiers and the stages of dealing with them. We did not mention the ouster of Mubarak (the refutation of dialogue) A statement made by an American commander was that America is no longer capable of intervening militarily in the Middle East/when mentioning that it is a chance. New statement by the American Secretary of Defense Robert Gates: whoever enters into a war in the Arab and Islamic World must be foolish. They finally grasped the prevailing reality, and realized that the global unbelief is no longer capable of aborting revolutions the same way they have aborted both the 'Urrabi and al-Mahdi revolutions, so seize the opportunity. You should cheer and repeat the songs of victory– back to the notebook. ( of 8) So the oppressor attacked them violently and hurled his arrows at them, yet he did not know that the honorable and noble would not stand living devoid of honor. Before closing: I urge and stress, to the sincere in the Ummah, to institute a council consisting of experts in the fields of religion and world's affairs from their own ranks, responsible for providing ideas to Muslims in such a critical phase in addition to awareness raising. For establishing this council is essential for closing the most dangerous gaps of this phase and is a very solemn duty too. Moreover, some of the Muslim thinkers in the Gulf enjoy people's wide trust, and upon those falls the duty of initiating this council, along with the trustworthy and honest in the entire Islamic World. This is on the condition that the council be established in a place where addressing the Ummah could take place freely. It is also preferred that the council be backed by a center for studies and research, in order to make readily available ideas based on studies, science and knowledge; likewise to point out, to the nations going through rebellion, the steps required for the protection of the revolution gains, and assist the others whose revolutions have yet to start, by appointing the proper time for initiation. For every nation has a point where it would attain a proper quorum necessary for the success of its revolution. Therefore, a careful examination is required to avoid any delay that may waste the opportunity. Similarly, any premature action multiplies the cost and exposes the revolution to danger, for the revolutionary success under such circumstances hinges upon the following, after Allah's will: to be initiated at the right time and led by honest and resolute men to whom both life and death is of no difference, who will advance where it is required, who will caution against any delay or reluctance, who would meet torment with pleasure, who overcome obstacles, who honor their pledges with their belief and establish their credibility with their blood patterning after the saying: (TN: paragraph ends here). Before ending: I urge my sincere brothers in the Ummah to deputize experts in the fields of religion and worldly affairs from their own ranks, charged with the major duty of closing one of the most dangerous gaps in this critical phase by establishing a council responsible for offering advice and ideas to the Muslim people. The council offers its advice in all places where freedom of speech exists. Some of the Muslim intellectuals in the Gulf region enjoy Muslims' extensive trust, and upon those the duty of initiating the council falls, they and who would join among the truthful in every Islamic World nation. The council is preferred to be backed by a research center, so its views become most ( of 8) Accurate, and to preempt mishaps by alerting people about how they are best handled. Since every nation within the region has a unique point at which the quorum for the revolutionary success would be attained, we should be accurate. The unnecessary delay may lose the opportunity, while the untimely move may multiply the cost and endanger the revolution. The success of the revolutions under such circumstances hinge, after the will of Allah, upon starting at the right time and being led by honest and unyielding men, to whom both death and survival are equal, who will advance where it is required, will warn against any delay or reluctance, would meet torment with pleasure, overcome obstacles, honor their pledges with their belief and establish their credibility with their blood patterning after the saying:. 