 ( of 11) In the Name of God, the Most Compassionate, the Most Merciful To Muslims in Pakistan and Afghanistan In the name of God, thank God, prayers and peace upon the Messenger of Allah, and family, friends, and supporters. O ye who believe! Fear God as He should be feared, and die not except in a state of Islam. O mankind! revere your Guardian-Lord, who created you from a single person, created, of like nature, His mate, and from them twain scattered (like seeds) countless men and women;- revere God, through whom ye demand your mutual (rights), and (revere) the womb (That bore you): for God ever watches over you. O ye who believe! Fear God, and (always) say a word directed to the Right: That He may make your conduct whole and sound and forgive you your sins: He that obeys God and His Apostle, has already attained the highest achievement Thereafter, My Muslim brothers in Pakistan and Afghanistan: Peace be upon you, We ask God to sustain you and us for obeying Him, save us from visible and invisible discords, enable our religion that pleases us, and transform our fear to safety, after our ordeal grants us power, victory, and let us carry on in this world, and victory at the end with the grace and merit of God. My Muslim brothers in Pakistan and Afghanistan: you know that advice is a Shari'ah obligation; You also know that attending to the affairs of Muslims is an Islamic obligation. You know, brothers, that the Crusaders' Campaign that the US and its allies of the infidels and hypocrites lead, targets Islam and its people, even as the US claims that it is fighting terrorism; to them ( of 11) Jihad means terrorism. This campaign aims at eliminating Islamic Shari'ah and creed, in order to alienate the Islamic nation, and change it to become herds submitting to the masters of the world, in Washington, Tel-Aviv, and London. Even the part of the report that the American government banned from being published of the report that was prepared by Congress about 9/11- it included a recommendation to prevent the Saudi Government from printing and distributing the Holy Qur'an, because it includes verses about disliking Jews and Christians. My beloved brethren, Muslims should consult among themselves, prepare and take care of themselves, then sharpen their zeal and depend on God, to resist this Zionist-Crusader campaign, which eliminates Islam and Muslims. First of all, I would like to talk about Monotheism: this creed that is only established by renouncing the infidels and adhering to the believers, as most of the ancestors of the nation, Imams and scholars agreed upon. There is for you, an excellent example (to follow) in Abraham and those with him, when they said to their people: "We are clear of you and of whatever ye worship besides God. we have rejected you, and there has arisen, between us and you, enmity and hatred for ever,- unless ye believe in God and Him alone": But not when Abraham said to his father: "I will pray for forgiveness for thee, though I have no power (to get) aught on thy behalf from God." (They prayed): "Our Lord! in Thee do we Trust, and to Thee do we turn in repentance: to Thee is (our) Final Goal. Imam Abu-Bakr al-Jassas al-Hanafi discussed in his Qur'an interpretation book al-Jassas further explained in his interpretation to the word of God, the Almighty: O ye who believe! take not the Jews and the Christians for your friends and protectors: They are but friends and protectors to each other. And he amongst you that turns to them (for friendship) is of them. Verily God guideth not a people unjustly. ( of 11) Versus from the Qur'an: And he amongst you that turns to them (for friendship) is of them. You have an excellent example in Abraham and his companions. They said to their people plainly: Those in whose hearts is a disease - thou seest how eagerly they run about amongst them, saying: "We do fear lest a change of fortune bring us disaster." Ah! perhaps God will give (thee) victory, or a decision according to His will. Then will they repent of the thoughts which they secretly harbored in their hearts. Qur'anic verse) To the Hypocrites give the glad tidings that there is for them (but) a grievous penalty;- Yea, to those who take for friends unbelievers rather than believers: is it honor they seek among them? Nay,- all honor is with God. (Qur'anic verse) "We are clear of you and your gods, whom you worship besides Allah. So, and based on the above verses: anyone who takes the Crusader infidels of the Americans, Jews, Indians, and their allies as guardians over Muslims, is out of Islam like them. This is applicable to Pervez Musharraf, and his followers, Karzai and his government who supported the Americans against the believers, and this is the rule of the Qur'an. Second, I would like to talk about the crimes conducted by Musharraf and his followers in Pakistan; he chose to follow the path of his ancestors by renouncing Shari'ah from the courts in Pakistan, and by fighting the rule of Shari'ah. Musharraf offered all of Pakistan's military and security resources, to serve America and its Army, Air Force, and security services to kill Muslims in Afghanistan, to deport Muslims from Pakistan, Afghan, and Arab Mujahidin guarding Muslims in the frontlines -descendents of the Prophet Muhammad- giving them to America to face torture, killing, and long imprisonment. Musharraf is the one who enabled America to defeat the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan. Without his great help, America would not have been able to do so, nor would America kill thousands of innocent Muslims in Afghanistan. Those innocent Muslims have their blood on Musharraf's hands and his secret accounts. Musharraf is the one who changed the Pakistani nuclear program from being a power that defends Pakistan to a heavy load on Pakistan. He changed the Pakistani nuclear program from a vicious fighter that defends Pakistan to a disabled person who needs assistance. He changed it from being means of Pakistan's glory, independence, protection, dignity, and sovereignty to submission to America and its tyranny. ( of 11) As a result of Musharraf's treason to the Muslims in Afghanistan, the collaborator government of Kabul brought the Indians to the Western Pakistani border, which threatened the security of Pakistan from the East and the West. Musharraf choked Jihad in Kashmir, in order not to anger India, he is the one who is bargaining with the Indians and Americans for the rights of Muslims in Kashmir, and he wants to sell Kashmir to America, just as Arab traitors sold Palestine to the Jews. But the Mujahidin of Palestine, with the help of God, defeated the plot of Israel and its hypocritical agents, similar to what the Kashmir Mujahidin are going to do to the plans of Musharraf, India, and America. Musharraf is the one who subjected the Pakistani nuclear agencies to international inspection, which is in fact American inspection, gradually depriving Pakistan of its nuclear weapons. Musharraf is the one who strives to recognize Israel, in order to appease America, so that he can safely compromise Palestine and acknowledge the legitimacy of the Zionist regime, fighting Islam and Muslims. Musharraf is the one who is seeking to send the Pakistani forces to Iraq to die, instead of the American soldiers, and to kill the Muslims in Iraq, in order to empower America in Muslim countries. I call upon the Pakistani army soldiers and officers, telling them that Musharraf is not going to share your sacrifice if India attacks you. The person who sells his religion will never sacrifice for anybody. You will not find Musharraf in the frontlines with you, and he will not endure the shelling like you, but if worse comes to worst, he will surrender you to the Hindus, as Yahya Khan did before him in Dhaka. Then Musharraf will flee abroad, to enjoy his secret accounts. Musharraf and his betrayals brought the Indians to Afghanistan, and he steals the nuclear weapon from you, under orders from America, as America is ungrateful to anyone and only goes after its interests. If you want a real example, look at what happened to Yasir Arafat, who gave Israel and America all they wanted, and still they held him captive in his office, imposed another prime minister on him, who is more of a traitor than Arafat, then decided to expel him, and this is the end of traitors. American interests are with India and not with Pakistan. America will turn against Pakistan after America succeeds in dominating Afghanistan, and the proof is that America describes the Mujahidin in Kashmir as terrorists, and this indicates what America conceals for Muslims in Pakistan. It is known that the Indian-Israeli cooperation is effective in the military and security aspect. The last visit of the criminal Jew Sharon -the killer of thousands of Muslims and the desecrater of the ( of 11) Sanctity of the al-Aqsa Mosque- to India, included agreements and deals that he made with the Indians that are only a small amount of the flood of the Indian, Jewish, and American alliance against Muslims. This alliance is getting stronger while the traitor Musharraf is calling upon the Pakistanis to recognize Israel, in order to satisfy America and Israel, so that they pocket him more money, in order for this impermissible money to cause the achievement of the American policy of subjugating Muslims in Pakistan under the control of the Indians and the Jews. Every time Musharraf gives in to America's pressure, he claims that he is preserving the security of Pakistan, and that he is compelled to submit to America. In reality, he is only defending his personal interests so that he can stay in power, and he knows well that the only way to stay in power is by satisfying the Crusaders, hence seizing the opportunity of the American attack on Afghanistan to ensure the continuity of the American support for him and its approval for him to stay in power. As for Pakistan's security, it will only be preserved by the sacrifices of Muslims and their desire for martyrdom. If India is capable of destroying Pakistan, it will not hesitate one moment, whether Pakistan was in harmony with America or not. Musharraf claims that he helped America in killing Muslims in Afghanistan, so he can bring financial and economic benefits to Pakistan. His reasoning is similar to that of spies, traitors, drug dealers, and pimps, who if asked why do you sell your honor and desecrate the sanctities of your brothers, they would say just for the sake of money. The Evil one threatens you with poverty and bids you to conduct unseemly acts. God promises you His forgiveness and bounties. And God cares for all and He knows all things; God will surely make it of no effect: for God prospers not the work of those who make mischief and so Musharraf's treason to his people is going to lead Pakistan into a tragedy. Musharraf claims that he was forced to commit betrayals, but beware my beloved brethrens, that all Islamic scholars agreed that there is no coercion in killing a Muslim. Then, how about the one who kills thousands of Muslims, which by doing so meant helping the infidels against Muslims? What do you think about the one who did that for the sake of eliminating a Jihadi Islamic Emirate, to fight the rule of Shari'ah? All of these are consistent crimes, and whoever does that is bound to fail in the Worldly life and in the Hereafter. The Unbelievers spend their wealth to hinder (man) from the path of God, and so they will continue to spend; but in the end they will have (only) regrets and sighs; at length they will be overcome: and the Unbelievers will be gathered together to Hell; . And Allah said: Mighty indeed were the plots which they made, but their plots were (well) within the sight of God, even though they were such as to shake the hills! Never think that God would fail his apostles in His promise: for God is Exalted in power, - the Lord of Retribution ( of 11) Muslims in Pakistan should challenge and cooperate to uproot this traitor and to appoint a sincere leader to defend Islam and the Muslims of Pakistan. Third, I want to tell you about the crimes of the agents of the Crusaders in Afghanistan, who are ruling in Kabul, under the umbrella of the International Forces, guarded by US planes, who joined in alliance with America and Musharraf to destroy the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan. This is the Islamic Emirate that returned to Muslims their glory lost centuries ago, that challenged the power of America and the sanctions of the United Nations, and refused -for the sake of the dignity of the Muslim- to hand over its foreign fighters Mujahidin brothers, the descendants of the Prophet's companions, to America. The only crime of the Emir of the Faithful, Mullah Muhammad 'Umar and his brethren in the Islamic Emirate, is that he refused to obey the arrogant Americans, and refused to hand over the Mujahidin to America. He declared that if these Mujahidin committed a crime, they need to be tried in Shari'ah courts. This was a greater crime than the first, and Muhammad 'Umar should be punished. How dare he call for enforcing the rule of Shari'ah while the Crusaders and Jews are eliminating it? Therefore, America decided, with the cooperation of Musharraf, to get rid of the Islamic Emirate, even if it led to shedding the blood of tens of thousands of Muslim women, children, and men. The crime of Usama Bin Ladin was that he decided to seek revenge from America for the crimes that it was committing in Palestine and the rest of the Muslims countries. This was a supreme crime in America's scale, how a Muslim male -who is from the inferior nations according to America- dares to hold America accountable for its crimes. What was required of Muhammad 'Umar was to be a despicable hypocrite, who sells his Muslim brothers in exchange for staying in power, in order to satisfy America and Musharraf. The unforgettable crime is that a Muslim Emir defended the glory of Muslims and enforced the rule of Shari'ah. What was required of Usama Bin Ladin was to be rich, submissive to worldly lusts, to have no courage, in order to satisfy America and Musharraf, but if he was a foreign Mujahid who defends the sanctities of Muslims, it would be an unforgettable crime. The irony about all this is that these hypocrites talk about independence, democracy, and human rights. Those who are boasting about Afghanistan's independence forget that they are under the protection of thousands of international and American Crusaders forces, and that they will soon escape from Kabul with the departure of their last infidel soldier, God willing, and ( of 11) that they did not reach power in Kabul without the protection of the US planes and the brutal attacks that killed thousands of innocent people in Kabul and throughout Afghanistan. Those deceiving others that seek democracy are forgetting that the democratic countries are not occupied by foreign forces, and that the first of democratic principles is the citizen's freedom of expressing his opinions. So what do you say about whoever does not own his own life, that the US planes threaten to destroy his house, kill his family, and burn his village, if he disagrees with the collaborator government in Kabul? It's the democracy of the US B-52 bombers that will bring us dignity and teach us freedom, but according to the slaves of America. This is American democracy, the leader of democracy; this is the democracy that the Crusaders are inviting us to follow, and abandon enforcing the rule of Shari'ah to satisfy the American Crusaders!! The ones that falsely claim that they represent the Afghan people, while forgetting that their leader cannot leave his office in Kabul without American protection because he does not trust his Afghan people. When trying to visit Kandahar, his place of birth, he faced the Mujahidin gunfire and survived by a miracle. What are human rights in a country where the police, security forces, and hypocrite thugs violate the sanctities of the people and rob them of their money and honor? Security is lost in Afghanistan after it was stabilized, justice spread, borders created, and the promotion of virtue and prohibition of vice restored by the Islamic Emirate. Those traitors in Kabul are the ones that God described as: Those in whose hearts is a disease - thou seest how eagerly they run about amongst them, saying: "We do fear lest a change of fortune bring us disaster." Ah! perhaps God will give (thee) victory, or a decision according to His will. Then will they repent of the thoughts which they secretly harbored in their hearts. Some of those Crusader loyalists used to be part of the Jihadists, but today they live under the US forces' protection, follow their orders, praise them, and condemn Jihad against them. God said: (O ye who believe! if any from among you turn back from his Faith, soon will God produce a people whom He will love as they will love Him,- lowly with the believers, mighty against the rejecters, fighting in the way of God, and never afraid of the reproaches of such as find fault. That is the grace of God, which He will bestow on whom He pleaseth. And God encompasseth all, and He knoweth all things.) And God said: (O ye who believe! Take not for friends unbelievers rather than believers: Do ye wish to offer God an open proof against yourselves? The Hypocrites will be in the lowest depths of the Fire: no helper wilt thou find for them;- Except for those who repent, mend (their lives) hold fast to God, and purify their religion as in God's sight: if so they will be (numbered) with the believers. And soon will God grant to the believers a reward of immense value.) The Afghan nation that earned the lead in Islam's history, as the appearance of the glory of Islam, in resisting powerful invaders of the English and Russians, looks in contempt on the ( of 11) American government in Kabul to its allies of thugs that were collected by the Americans, and given money, and granted positions, in order to kill their Muslim brothers. All truthful Jihadis that did not spoil their Jihadi history by being traitors to the Americans must resist those traitors that distorted the image of Jihad, and must carry on their Jihad against the Russian infidels by resisting the American Crusaders. God's saying will become true in them, when He said: (Among the Believers are men who have been true to their covenant with God. Some of them have completed their vow (to the extreme), and some (still) wait: but they have never changed (their determination) in the least) The fourth point I want to talk to you about is your foreign fighter brothers and Mujahidin, Arab and others from the lands of Islam, that are still up-to-date steadfast with God's will in the path of Jihad, despite all the attempts by the Americans and their allies Karzai, Musharraf and others along with them. Those foreign fighter Jihadis are your responsibility; guard them, help them in Jihad, and do not be against them with the Crusaders and Jews. Do not render assistance to the FBI or the CIA against them, and know that God defends those faithful. God said: Verily God will defend (from ill) those who believe: verily, God loveth not any that is a traitor to faith, or show gratitude to them and he, praise his name, is revenues and he is quick in punishment. al-Bukhari narrates - God rest his soul- from Abu-Hurayrah - may God be satisfied with him- the messenger of God, peace and prayer be upon him, said: God - be praised- said: whoever is hostile to a loyal of mine, I warn him with war." Know that those foreign fighter Jihadis depend only on God, and they say that God - praise His name - makes them able to punish those who killed their women, children and brothers, and their hearts filled with believing that God will listen to their prayers. So be with your foreign fighter Mujahidin brothers, because God had befriended you. He said to His messenger, peace and prayer be upon him: (not if thou hadst spent all that is in the earth, couldst thou have produced that affection, but God hath done it: for He is Exalted in might, Wise. Know that whoever tells you why do we need to bother with those foreign fighters? Why do they interfere with our matters? Why don't they go back home? This has contradicted the Book and Sunnah. Tell him that God, praise His name, made brothers among the believers. He said: (indeed, believers are brothers), and say to Him that the Islamic nation is one nation, and their home is one, and the Arab Muslim must fight the Crusaders in Afghanistan and the Indians in Kashmir, also the Pakistani and Afghan Muslim must fight the Russians in Chechnya, Jews in Palestine, Crusaders in Iraq and the Arabian Peninsula, everyone according to his ability. ( of 11) Tell him that the American Crusaders and their traitor infidels want to divide the Islamic nation and propagate fanaticism and nationalism and discord between its sons, to facilitate their victory against it. Tell him: those are our Jihadi brothers that came and fought with us before to liberate Afghanistan from the communists and to defend Pakistan, and the graves of those Jihadi Arabs -the descendants of the Prophet companions- are filling the mountains and valleys of Afghanistan, in a graveyard that contains more than two hundred Arab Mujahidin bodies on the Afghani side of Tawrkhum, attesting to God of the betrayal of the Crusaders traitors in Pakistan and Afghanistan. Tell him: the descendants of those Mujahidin from the companion of the Prophet - May God be pleased with them - conquered Kabul and India and cleansed them from the rule of idolatry and idols, and those despised, expelled and depending on God alone will re-conquer what their grandfathers conquered and cleansed whoever was ruled by the cruse and hypocorism, with the power of God the Greatest and His power, he said: (God has decreed: "It is I and My apostles who must prevail": For God is One full of strength, able to enforce His Will.) Tell him: that God must take revenge to whoever harmed those foreign fighter Mujahidin and he knows that they are faithful and they sacrificed for the name of God and, their enemies are the Crusaders and their supporter infidels. The ancestors of those Crusader supporters are the ones who killed Imam al-Husayn Bin-'Ali, God bless them, and they knew for certain that he is the leader of guidance, the lank of the Prophet of God, peace and prayer be upon him, and he is one of the heaven youth masters. Ibn-al-Jawzi stated - in al-Muntazim. Yes, those are the hunted foreign fighter Mujahidin - descendants of the Prophet's companions - they hand them over to the Crusaders and move their wives and children to detention, they are the descendents of Sinan Bin-Anas al-Nakha'i, killing the ( of 11) foreign fighter companions for a small worldly offer. Therefore, be notified that God will hunt you like He hunted the killers of al-Husayn - May God be pleased with him - one after the other, like history scholars mentioned. Muhammad Bin-Tahir al-Qaysarani - God rest his soul - mentioned in Tadhkirah al-Hifaz 'An al-Suda. Let it be known to those who sold their religion with American dollars and guided the Americans to the foreign fighter Mujahidin places, for which the American planes bombed them, burned the women and children in them, and demolished the roofs on top of their burned and shredded bodies, that they fought God and His Prophet, and that God promised harsh punishment. God stated: (That is because they resisted God and His Apostle: and if any one resists God, verily God is severe in Punishment.) ; and the Prophet - peace and prayer be upon him - said in authenticated Hadith: "Whoever is hostile to my supporters will have war declared against them". Let it be known to those who pointed their weapons at the face of Jihadists, the enemy of Americas from the Taliban and the foreign fighters - the descendants of companions - that they are eating fire in their stomachs. God said: (Surely Allah will admit those who believe and do good deeds to gardens beneath which rivers flow. While those who are unbelievers, they are to enjoy only this life and eat as cattle eat; but in the hereafter, the fire shall be their abode) Let it be known to those who are receiving American money that they are immersing their hands in our and Jihadi blood before immersing it in their food, and wearing clothes that are stained with our and Jihadi children and women's blood even if walked with it arrogantly between people. They are feeding their children from the body parts of our children, their bones and their burning skin, even if they are delighted with it, they will have punishment on earth and on doomsday. We supplicate against them day and night we pray for God's punishment for all they did against us, and for victory against them. God said: (Is not God enough for his Servant? But they try to frighten thee with other (gods) besides Him! for whoever such as God leaves to stray, there can be no guide. And such as God doth guide there can be none to lead astray. Is not God Exalted in Power, (Able to enforce His Will), Lord of Retribution?) And God said: (Say to those who reject Faith: "Soon will ye be vanquished and gathered together to Hell,-an evil bed indeed (to lie on)!). God Said: (Think not that God doth not heed the deeds of those who do wrong. He but giveth them respite against a Day when the eyes will fixedly stare in horror) to his saying: (Never think that God would fail his apostles in His promise: for God is Exalted in power, - the Lord of Retribution.) And God said: (To the Hypocrites give the glad tidings that there is for them (but) a grievous penalty;- Yea, to those who take for friends unbelievers rather than believers: is it honor they seek among them? Nay,- all honor is with God.) ( of 11) Finally I urge you Muslim brothers to support your Mujahidin brothers in Afghanistan and Kashmir with your money and soul, and ask you to support the Mujahid Emir Mullah Muhammad 'Umar, that hero - with God's name respected - the one who said and delivered, promised and fulfilled. The one who was offered to stay in power in exchange for handing over his foreign fighter brothers - descendants of companions - to the Crusaders, but denied and waged Jihad like a raging lion against the Crusaders' campaign against Afghanistan. To this day - With God's help - he is guiding the Mujahidin and encouraging Muslims for Jihad. We ask God to reward him for Islam and Muslims with the best reward, to accept his good deeds, grant him victory against infidels, and affirm him to truth until he meets God. We are here renewing our pledge of allegiance to him by the Book and the Sunnah and Jihad for the cause of Allah . We invite our entire Jihadi faithful brothers in Pakistan and Afghanistan to rally for this man, the one with integrity in life and God is his noble. I ask that you protect your foreign fighters brothers and help them on fighting the Crusaders and Jews. I ask you to resist the Crusaders traitors, especially Musharraf and Karzai and their traitor supporters. Finally, I convey the greeting of your Jihadi brother, your foreign fighter Mujahid, the one posted at the frontlines, and the affliction-persevering Shaykh Usama Bin Ladin and his supplication for you for victory and empowerment. 