 In the name of Allah the most gracious the most merciful Our respected Shaykh, May God protect him/Peace, mercy and the blessings of Allah be upon you. I ask Allah to govern you, to grant you good health and strength and to protect you, to bless you in your jihad, your time and your age, Amen. With respect to the idea of preparing and issuing lists for the agents of evil, the atheists, the disbelievers, and the fighters, whether writers, media people or others, institutions or individuals– the subject was proposed for discussion in the Shura Council at our end. Most of the opinions were reserved in terms of the section associated with the "scholars of evil" similar to the idea that we were writing to you about previously. This was with the approval of most or all the brothers, to begin with a list of the atheists and the fighters whether writers, media individuals, theorists and others, without the scholars in the matter involving the "seekers of knowledge" due to the excessive sensitivity; also because we could begin with the mentioned entity first, sense and monitor the reactions and results– etc. We also have a better vision, with respect to the scholars of evil, with the difficulty of the subject initially and the weak conviction it required as well, with several of the brothers. I had requested for each of the member brothers in the Shura Council to write a paper indicating his detailed views on this matter so we could submit it to you. Thus far, I have not gathered their edited opinions and God willing when I compile them, I will send it to you in the next letter with the help of God. With respect to the external work, you had requested to replace the brother in charge, because you had noticed his weakness in this position. We shall seek, God willing, to do that; however, we are facing a true problem now finding the best replacement, we seek Allah's assistance. Following the martyrdom of Brother Ra'uf and the martyrdom of brother Anas (he worked with them and was on the team of 'Abd-al-Hamid, May God have mercy on him, he was a brother of Egyptian origin, and had lived most of his life in Europe), May God have mercy on him, as we no longer have the appropriate individual to fill this position– There is, however, Brother Tufan, but he has flaws and we all agree he is not suitable for this work as we had tried him, although he is now on Abu Salih's ('Abd-al-Hafiz) work team. There are new brothers, perhaps some would be suitable in the future, but not now. We are attempting, under these hard circumstances, to complete the deficiency and for me to be by the side of Brother Abu Salih constantly. I am following up on his work, prompting him, helping him and helping his brothers. I have been following-up and continuously pressuring them to work, as well as established consultation and permanent thinking. May God provide us all strength and God is your Protector - the best to protect and the best to help. With that, I give you the good news that there is some improvement now, thanks be to God. Soon we shall have an office in Turkey for the external work. We are in the process of putting on its last touches, thanks be to God, and we ask God to grant us success. We have planned for this branch to fill in a huge gap and it would be an advance point towards Europe. In terms of research and preparation, we tell you that the brothers were able to achieve, with the grace of Allah, the manufacturing of the material in a way that could be passed through airports and gates in a safe manner (explosive material hidden in specific ways); in fact it was produced and now we have a upcoming test in the next few days to pass a quantity of it to Europe– the initial tests are promising and we ask God to grant us success. This is almost the most important news. As to the disadvantages, no doubt we have ongoing problems: the cadres, the youth capacities, maintaining contact with abroad and recruiting people there without coming and "getting burned"– the money as well (financing for the work) which is the general problem, but God is our Lord and the One Who knows all. The brothers, with the bounty of God, are patient and controlled, waiting for God's relief and are happy with his kindness and victories; we are thankful and praise him. I ask God, the Almighty to grant you kindness, protect you and support you. Peace, mercy and the blessings of Allah be upon you Your beloved 'Atiyah The first of Ramadan 1430H 