 In the name of God, praise be to God, peace and prayer be upon the messenger of God His eminence, beloved Shaykh... Peace, mercy of God and His blessing be upon you I am asking Almighty God that you, the whole family, and the loved ones are well, safe, and sound. I am also asking God, glory to Him, to preserve you, and may goodness come at your hands. He is the master of that and capable of it. Our honorable Shaykh... Almighty God granted me success to go to brother Hajj ((Sultan))'s side, for many reasons: 1. To determine the reasons why my six letters that I sent consecutively a year ago never made it 2. To confer with you on the issue of work in our country . To meet with the brother in charge of External Affairs 4. To escape from the Iranian Intelligence ------------------------ Regarding the six letters that I sent, al-Hafiz ((Sultan)) told me that he sent one of them to you some time ago; however, I still couldn't determine the reasons behind the rest, the five that they didn't [send]. Regarding the topic of the work in our country, the latest details are as follows: First: Perhaps, you (TN: plural) have been following what was published a month ago, that the regime had captured two groups among the youths with whom I had contact to determine a way to move things over there. They were arrested because of their misuse of the Internet despite my repeated warnings to the people in charge, telling them not to enter or participate in Jihadi Websites and forums. I am asking Almighty God for their release and the release of those brothers who are along with them. Second: Currently, there are communications with a group of brothers in Egypt. There is an attempt to contact another group through Brother ((Abu Basir)), the one in charge of the brothers in Yemen. He had advised me to benefit from those brothers because they are an active group as far as ideology and movement. This group arrived Yemen some time ago to travel onward into Iraq. They waited six months, but they were not so successful. I had asked a trusted Yemeni brother, Shaykh Ahmad al-((Maqalih)) (Var.: al-((Muqalih)) ) to find some Egyptians brothers for me. He brought a letter from brother Abu Basir telling me what you just said, so the initial concept for the work in Egypt as follows: 1. The first group will carry on the tasks of recruiting and searching for new capabilities that might be exploited and dispatching whomever they can send over here. 2. The second group will carry on the monitoring, scouting, and surveillance tasks after getting the required training. 3. Third group should be other than Egyptian - citizens from other countries that would not be scrutinized at Egyptian airports - such as Saudis and [citizens of ] Gulf countries in general. They should be assigned to execute tasks after getting them militarily ready to carry out special missions, mainly assassination, sniping, and wiring. 4. Complete separation between the three groups: Each group gets its order from the outside and has nothing to do with the other groups. 5. Contacts between the chiefs of the first and second groups via one of the Egyptian brothers, formerly from a group in Yemen; I used to contact him through Shaykh Ahmad al-Maqalih. 6. The third group will be chosen from the brothers who are trained over here. Priority will be given to those who can travel from Turkey to Egypt during the tourism season next summer, with Almighty God's permission. Please, if you could kindly present any advice on all this, and if you could send to Hajj Sultan to allocate a budget for this project, may God reward you with the best. Third: These are reports concerning the conditions and the status of the brothers inside the prisons; one of the brothers whom we have contact with sent us these reports: In the name of God, praise to God, prayer and peace be upon the messenger of God Furthermore: Our beloved brothers, we begin our talk in the form of bulleted points: 1. A modification for what we had mentioned earlier concerning the location of Shaykh Muhammad al-((Zawahiri)): We had said that he is in Istiqbal [Prison], and the truth is, he is in al-‚Aqrab (TN: the Scorpion) [Prison]. The reason for this mistake is that some of the brothers who have been to al-‚Aqrab Prison were in Istiqbal to perform the examinations and to get to know the brothers with whom we have contact. They spoke about the Shaykh and a number was taken, the one we sent out. (This was our mistake for lack of investigation, and it did not have the extent of serious and importance at that time.) When we asked just several days ago about Shaykh Muhammad's condition, we were told that his morale is high and he is in the most perfect health. 2. Regarding Shaykh Muhammad's opinion about Sayyid Imam: (What we are about to say was said to us in the text, more or less, and it has been forwarded as he said.) Sayyid Imam is a dictator in his nature and he is selfish. He further set an example, when two computers were brought for work: one of them was a little bit older, and the other one was new. He took the new one and left the older one for the brothers. It has been said also that when he was told that there was a job either in Sudan or in Yemen and he was asked which one he would prefer, he said he would go to the place where his wife and children live. We were told that after holding conferences in al-Fayyum (TN: Egypt) and returning to prison (al-‚Aqrab), no one among the brothers who rejected the initiative would greet him. He was totally ignored. One of the brothers told us exactly this, “Sayyid Imam remained just like a dog; no one would even acknowledge him.” We convey what has been said, regardless of the support or the rejection of these words, there are more and even worse than these as well. 3. We had asked the brothers to send us some of Shaykh Muhammad's comments or any his personal writings, but they apologized and then they agreed and sent us some comments about the initiative. They told us that the Shaykh had written this and that we could publish it under his name. Then after a while, they told us that they [actually] were some writings by some brothers quoting from the Shaykh's statements. They said, “These are exactly his opinions and words, but the phrasing is not.” And they backed off from publishing these words under the Shaykh's name; they just said that those words should be published under the name of the brothers. Then one of the brothers who is inside (NFI) suggested that this letter remain in our possession and that we should use it when something new comes up. The brothers had given us the absolute authority to change anything in it, according to the requirement on the ground. We will send this letter to you, and of course, you have the absolute freedom to exploit and adapt it according to the ground truth in case any calamity is inflicted upon us, may God forbid. The title of the letter is, “A document of activating the Jihadi effort and the response to the examples of the rationalization.” 4. Regarding what happened during the conferences: We learned this from an individual who supports the initiative; he attended these conferences and got out. We know that he is a conservative in his speech, and in addition, there is a lot of evidence and many testimonies that confirm his statements. He has no interest in lying to us. He speaks with naivety and tries to convince who speaks with on this topic that they laughed at the government and said, “Each of the following came to al-Fayyum Prison, where he had been transferred: Nabil ((Na'im)), Sayyid ((Imam)) and ‚Abd-al-‚Aziz al-((Jaml)) (Var.: al-((Jamal)) ), and they were housed in one of the cells. They were then surprised to find out that preparations for the conferences had been set up in the recreation space. They were placed in their cells at 12:00 midnight. (They usually are put in the cells at 2:00 a.m. or soon after.) Suddenly, Officer Basil passed through the cells distributing the document that was prepared by Sayyid Imam, it was around 1:00 a.m. He distributed one or two booklets to each cell, despite the fact that each cell housed perhaps eight individuals. At 7:00 a.m., they were surprised to see that Officer Basil collected the booklets again. Most of them had not read it, and he who had had the chance to read it, certainly could not understand it. One of the brothers who supported the initiative said, “We did not read it.” Basil said, “We will distribute it again later on. Try to get ready for the conferences.” Indeed, the conferences started on the very same day, despite the fact that it is generally known that a person who is transferred should rest for a day or two, suggesting they did not want any noise from the media about this issue. Moreover, we did not get the chance to find out what actually took place inside those conferences, as far as Shari'a grassroots for reviews, because the supporters themselves did not understand anything except they were just reviews. Knowing this, no one among the supporters opposed the initiative on this document that they did not read, except for one of the Salafist brothers, a follower of Shaykh Yasir ((Barhami)) (Var.: ((Burhami)) ), (Alexandria School) (TN: in Egypt). He said that [the document] what very close to the curriculum of impeding and clarification (and away from the initiative process, it is known that the Alexandria School spreads the thought of adjourn). One of the brothers who actually opposed the initiative said: Sayyid Imam used to sit in the middle between Mustafa ((Rif'at)) and Tariq al-((Masri)), and when Sayyid Imam prolonged his speech during the conference, Tariq al-Masri (Mustafa Rif'at's deputy) told him jokingly, “Come on terrorist uncle, just finish it.” Sayyid responded jokingly, “Okay, don't we have to get permission from our chief terrorist first?” And he looked at Mustafa Rif'at (the Head of Security Sate Intelligence). . Regarding what we had mentioned about spilling the boiling oil on Shaykh Ahmad ((Salamah)), this act was done by Shaykh Nabil al-((Maghrebi)), knowing that the brothers unanimously agree that Shaykh Nabil is mentally ill, may God heal him. He has been sentenced to more than 50 years in prison. All these cases are from within, internal. They are escapes attempts in addition to his constantly writing requests supporting the initiative and asking to be transferred to another prison. However, the officer in charge of al-Marj Prison ( ((Walid Faruq)) ) objects. Knowing that Walid Faruq is the nephew of Ra'uf ((Khayrat)), who was killed at the hands of the group, and he is in charge of all the prisons in the Abu Za'bal region (al-Liman Œ Maximum Security). He obtained a promotion; the officer currently in charge of the prison is Ahmad ((Shawqi)), and of course these are noms de guerre. A note: This incident took place a year and a half ago in al-Maraj Prison, it did not happen in the Abu Za'bal area, because back then, the security apparatus had transferred everyone from al-Liman Prison and housed them in al-Maraj Prison to renovate al-Liman Prison. al-Maraj Prison was affiliated with the officer Walid because they were affiliated with the Abu Za'bal area. Currently many changes have just taken place, and the brothers have been distributed to other places - they are evacuating al-Liman Prison again after the brothers were returned there - they will be transferred to al-Maraj prison in preparation to bring in the supporters to al-Liman Prison. It has been said that the State intends to release to the media the work of the initiative process in the names of the supporters in the Abu Za'bal area. 6. Regarding the brother Muhammad ‚Ali ((Abu ‚Amarah) (Var.: (( Abu ‚Umarah)), we told you that he had been killed. The truth is, he just died. We previously said that so we could create a media uproar. These are the details: Muhammad ‚Ali, presumably from al-Minufiyyah province, his nickname is Abu ‚Amarah. He is the older one among his siblings, not married, diploma in commerce, mail department. He used to work for the al-Sabtiyyah mail post in Bulaq and Abu al-‚Ala'. His father passed away in prison at age of 52. He was arrested on assassination charges in Shubra. He was classified as Jihadi. There was a brother from al-Gama al-Islamiyya linked to this case: his name Sayyid ((Faraj)), sentenced to 15 years in al-‚Aqrab Prison. On top of this case's list is an individual called Muhammad ((Mustafa)), who is a fugitive and has many question marks next to his name. Some have indicated that he is a spy (informer), and obviously, just before his arrest Abu ‚Amarah, a Salafist, would contact and pray with them at al-Shuhada' Mosque in Shubra. He has two sisters and a brother named Mahmud. His brother Mahmud was imprisoned for six months in 1995 in al-Wadi al-Jadid Prison. His mother was arrested for threatening purposes in Lazughli (State Security Branch in Cairo). When Mahmud learned about his mother and that she might go through torture, he attempted suicide by cutting the veins of his hands, but he survived. Abu ‚Amarah had an allergy in his chest (TN: possibly intending “asthma”) and the illness started to get worse. It is known that those who had objected to the initiative process were indirectly prevented from getting treatment, such as they would be stopped from going to the clinic, or if they got to the clinic, they would not get the medicine they need. (This issue was common before the initiative process was announced, and it was expanded after the announcement was made.) Before Abu ‚Amarah's death, he felt a tightness in his breathing and stayed in bed for an entire day. A day later he recovered, but on the very same day, he felt a severe shortness of breath. The brothers started to call upon the guard to open the door so he could be taken to the recreation area, but it was God's will, and he died in his cell. We told you about this cell number and the Chamber he was in; however, we don't remember this exactly, it was approximately cell number six and Chamber Number three in Abu Za'bal Maximum Security . Regarding the situation inside the prisons (This is our special analysis.): - Prisoners of those who support the initiative process, brothers in Jihad who are supporting, you see them. In general, everyone wants to get out but by giving away some concessions. This is unlike al-Gama al-Islamiyya, which presented everything and is still doing it (even after they were released). Knowing that, the security is trying gradually soliciting the brothers who are supporting Jihad to the level of the Group. We know that you might sympathize with them and find excuses for them because they are prisoners; however, the issue is confined with one sentence, “Captivity is a calamity, and the initiative process has demonstrated their failure.” Therefore, there is no need to apologize and make any excuses. We are saying this because we have noticed the leniency in the statement of our honorable beloved Shaykh al-((Hakayyimah)) (Jihad Reviews). Regrettably, this issue was repeated during the debate between Usamah ((Hafiz)), representing the group from one side, and Shaykh al-Mihdar and some of the brothers on the other side, where one of our brothers said, “And we don't consider him as such, Shaykh al-Mihdar doesn't understand him, they strove on all their actions, rather it has been said that they have knowledge more than the brothers in al-Qa'ida, even if al-Qa'ida were right.” The brother, may God reward him, was overwhelmed by emotion because that the issue was merely a debate. - Concerning the Group members in the prisons: They all have been released and we don't know anything about them, except for two, in addition to Shaykh Rifa'i ((Taha)), that might refuse the initiative process. There is a brother from al-Minya who just recently was arrested, and he is in the military wing; we don't know his name. I asked one of the brothers in the Group: Jihadi brothers say that your leaders are working for security, and they turned in many of the military wing brothers after the initiative process, those who were hiding in the mountains and that the security didn't know anything about at all. I even told him about this brother (NFI). He responded, after cursing the Jihadi group and its members saying that this brother in al-Minya used to monitor the Christians and every now and then he would (TN: unclear; possibly, “assassinate”) one of them. Security asked the brothers in the leadership about this particular brother's whereabouts so they could open a dialogue with him after giving him safe passage. Indeed, he was placed in the al-Istiqbal Prison and never sentenced; he was just detained, despite the fact that he deserved to be executed. When I had mentioned this to the brothers in Jihad they told us after cursing the al-Gama al-Islamiyya and its members: They brought this brother from al-Minya and placed him in a private cell at al-Istiqbal Prison. He was barred from everything; the Strike Force for the Group would discipline him on a daily basis. (The Strike Force is a term quoted from the force within the Security Center, its job to carry out the task of discipline in prisons; therefore, al-Gama al-Islamiyya established a Striking Force of its own within the prison to discipline violators, such as Jihadis, Salafists, and others). Also, those who reject the initiative process, there is a brother, Ashraf ((‚Abd-al-Karim)), who is memorizing the Qur'an in ten different intonations, and he lives in the Abu Za'bal area. He remained in the prison of the Group for 13 years because he was classified Group and he refused visits (to meet directly with his family). He asked for his visitation to be just as those who had rejected the initiative. Further, he asked to be imprisoned with them as well. He also asked to specifically be in Abu Za'bal prison so he could be close to his family for visitations. After much procrastination by the security, his request was approved and he is currently in Abu Za'bal prison, maximum security Chamber 2; two of his brothers were killed at the hands of the security. We also heard that Shaykh Rifa'i ((Taha)) is currently inside the intelligence building, and he strongly refuses the initiative process. They say that his wife went there to visit him, and God knows best. Regrettably, there is no one from the Group objecting to the initiative process, even those who have been sentenced to death (but the executions were informally suspended). - Concerning the Salafist initiative process, what has been requested from them (initially and they will be solicited) not to Takfir the ruler in (TN: unclear); their arrests obviously began after the 9/11 events. They were gathered in Wadi al-Natrun Prison, and they were moved to Damanhur Prison approximately three years later. The security apparatus tried to hold a conference for them, and they brought Najih to deliver the lecture, but it did not work. We did mention this to you earlier. 8. Just recently we received an old piece of information about Shaykh Muhammad; it has been circulated that he agreed to the initiative process. When it convened, Shaykh insisted that it be declared in the newspaper, and he met with Tariq al-((Masri)), who pleaded with him to postpone the announcement, but Shaykh refused, and indeed, he was allowed to issue a statement refuting (what had been circulated) through his family. The statement had been published in al-Dustur Egyptian newspaper, and in short is the refuting of what was rumored. His refusal of the initiative process was through a Shari'a point of view and not the view of the prisoners. (It is obvious that the security apparatus is dealing very politely and nicely with the Shaykh, and God knows best the motive behind that kind of treatment.) 9. However, the case of those who reject inside, they meet on the refusal and adopting different policies. For example, in Wadi al-Natrun Prison (after transferring the rejectionists to this prison, as we mentioned in the first announcement) those who are in charge of the Chambers and the people are adopting a policy of calmness with the security and kindness in treatment, even though they have been brought together by the basis of the refusal. Conversely, in Wadi al-Jadid Prison, those who are in charge of the Chambers and the people are adopting a policy of violence, harshness, and daily disturbance. The security apparatus transfers anyone who adopts this kind of policy to al-Wadi al-Jadid Prison, where seven prisoners were transferred from al-Liman Abu Za'bal Prison. The seven were the following: Abu Nadhar Ahmad ((‚Ashush)), Usamah ((Jibril)), ‚Adil ((Shahtu)), Muhammad ((Jamal al-Din)), Sayyid ((‚Abbas)), Nabil ((Shamardil)), Muhammad ((‚Abd-al-Fattah))). Only seven have left al-Liman Prison to be transferred to al-Maraj Prison, according to what they'd been told. Many of the supporters who smoke cigarettes are those have been brought to al-Liman Prison in Abu Za'bal. Regarding the rest of prisons for those who reject the initiative process, most of the brothers as members instigate problems and arguments. However, officials are adopting the policy of leniency without giving any concessions. (We mentioned the names of Jihadi prisons in the first announcement.) However, those among the Salafists who reject the initiative process is a group of youths, most of whom are from the Shubra area. They don't have a specific leader and they are in Damanhur Prison, branch number 5. He who agrees (TN: to the initiative process) is transferred to Chambers 1-4, not by the virtue of their age, experience, and ideology. They will not be elevated to the point so as to understand the brothers in Jihad, even though their refusal was unexpected by the security. (One of the Jihadi brothers, even though we see this brother as being somewhat prejudiced, was telling us that Chamber 5 consents to the initiative process in a practical but not theoretical manner, because they agreed to be treated just like the supporters regarding visitation and other issues.) 10. Presumably, the initiative process would have come out in Nabil ((Na'im))'s name and not in Sayyid Imam's. However, the security apparatus decided that Sayyid Imam should undertake it because of his disagreement with the Doctor, his fame, and the lies that have been repeated in the media saying that he was the Doctor's professor and also because Nabil Na'im is extremely hated by both the supporters and the rejecters of the initiative process. So in short, just as one of the brothers said, “Nabil Na'im sold the case and was psychologically destroyed.” He was even planning to publish a book called “The Sexual Scandals of Egyptian Jihadist Group,” but he withdrew it after meeting with Shaykh Khalid ((‚Abd-al-Sadiq)). Shaykh Khalid ‚Abd-al-Sadiq: He is classified as a Salafist and has been detained for over 15 years now. According to his statement, he refused to come to terms with the Salafists on the way of preserving the religion. He is among the active scholars, and he is originally from the Shubra area. . Currently, preparations are underway to announce a third declaration that will be about Muntasir al-((Zayyat)). We won't publish anything consulting you; you have all rights to do any necessary modifications. 12. All the prisons, supporters, and the opposition had been presented toward the end of March 2007. Many arguments took place with the branch officers when the rejectionists were presented. After the presentation was over, Tariq al-Masri went to all the prisons that were refusing the initiative process and personally apologized on behalf of the Major General Mustafa ((Rif'at)). We have the text of the speech that he delivered in Abu Za'bal Maximum Security prison on Monday, 02 April 2007 in Chamber 3's external recreation area. However, this speech and his voice had been recorded without his knowledge. We are trying to get our hands on it, but as of this minute, the brothers are opposing this issue even though you will comply with what we say regarding its use. We still are trying to convince the brothers so that we may send it to you. Five individuals were released after the apology: Khalid ((‚Abd-al-Tawwab)); Muhammad ((Zaki)), from the Swayyif tribe; Yasir ((Jawdah)), from al-Sharqiyah; ‚Abd-al-Karim ((Hasan)), from al-Qalyubiyah, Kafr al-Fuqaha'; and ‚Atif ‚Ali ((‚Abd-al-Wahid)) from Cairo, who became mentally ill in prison, and years later, he ended up being insane and claiming that he was the Mahdi. 13. What happened yesterday was that the security apparatus transferred [those who were involved in] the al-Azhar bombing and the al-Ta'ifah al-Mansurah cases from Damanhur Prison to al-Fayyum Prison. The day before yesterday, 52 detainees were transferred from Sinai province to the al-Fayyum Prison. Only 26 detainees would be left, and they were told that they would be transferred to al-Fayyum Prison as well. Note, all of them have agreed to the initiative process, and at the head of them is a Shaykh called Salim. The names of the detainees in al-Isma'iliyah were taken; they were told they would be transferred to al-Fayyum. Concerning what we mentioned earlier, that Sayyid Imam went to Damanhur, it was a mistake by one of the brothers. What he was told was, “Sayyid Imam will start working with the Salafists who are in Damanhur, and it has been explicitly confirmed that he is now in al-‚Aqrab getting ready to be transferred, either before or after the Eid. Moreover, all the expectations indicate that he will be transferred to al-Fayyum Prison.” Finally, we are awaiting your questions; perhaps there are some points we spoke about that might need some clarification and further detail. We will try to send the text of Tariq al-Masri's speech and the letter that includes Shaykh Muhammad al-Zawahiri's opinions on the initiative process, the third announcement, and some details on brother Sayyid ((Rajab)). Knowing that, we want to have some escalation in the media, in order for the security apparatus to feel that keeping those people for this long would have negative results, because when the Group consented to the initiative process, Shaykh al-Hakayyimah and al-Qa'ida surfaced, and when it is told that Jihad had yielded then other issues have to surface. The text of the second message: Peace be upon you The response to the letter that Shaykh al-Hakayyimah sent will be in the last lines from the letter of the brothers who are in prison. In the name of God, praise to God, peace and prayer be upon the messenger of God. Furthermore, beloved Brothers, here is what we have promised to send to finish the lengthy letter. We are going to start by discussing brother Sayyid Rajab. We say right here that whatever has been published in the media is not quite true. It has been said that he is 46, has been sentenced to 15 years in prison, and he was from the Jihad Group; all this is incorrect information and media chatter. The truth that we have confirmed from more than one source is that his name is Sayyid Rajab ‚Abdallah al-((Sinhabi)), he is 27 years old, married, and has a ten-month-old infant daughter named Hind. He works as a taxi driver and is a resident of al-Zawiyah al-Hamra' area, house number 20, Muhammad Salih Street, Cairo. He, along with his group, was arrested while attempting to enter Palestine, and they were exposed to severe torture in Lazughli (State Security Branch in Cairo). They were transferred to the apparatus (the main state security intelligence apparatus) in Nasr city. Then he was detained in Chamber Number 1 of Abu Za'bal Maximum Security Prison on the 28 February 2007. He was presented with the initiative process, but he refused it, and he remained in Abu Za'bal with those who opposed the initiative. There was an argument and dispute between him and Mustafa ((Jabir)), Head of the Intelligence. We were told by the brothers that he a twice ttempted suicide: First, he tried drinking poison; the second time he cut his veins. As a result, he was transferred to Liman Prison Hospital in Abu Za'bal. After he recovered, he was transferred to Abu Za'bal Maximum Security Prison, Chamber Number 1. However, the prison management refused to receive him because he had attempted suicide. However, they later received him and placed him in discipline (TN: possibly meaning “solitary confinement”). The morning of 24 September 2007 he was found dead, hanging from the ceiling fan (by the electrical wire). We asked the brothers about this action, saying how could he refuse the initiative process then commit suicide? They told us that committing suicide is serious, but it is not a sin as some people might think. He had been under severe psychological pressure, especially regarding his family. We began to contract several journalists to tell them how those who oppose the initiative process are being dealt with and that led to this issue (TN: the suicide). Moreover, it is inconceivable that someone, who had twice attempted suicide in the past, would be placed in the discipline area. And since when are a fan and a dangling electricity wire available in the discipline room, and so on? Only one of them (TN: the journalists) has responded. His name is Husayn ((Mitwalli)), his mobile number is ((0122797202)), and he works for al-Badil Newspaper. (This newspaper is dissident from the National Party, according to what he heard, and they claim that they are opposition. The truth of the matter is that they are an official opposition group that receives its orders from the National Party on many issues.) We are dealing very cautiously with him; we contact him from different locations and different areas, and he does not know any of our phone numbers. However, he told us that he went to Brother Sayyid Rajab's house and met with those who had washed and buried him. They said his body had many bruises, and his head had many holes that a finger could fit into. He told us that it seems that he was murdered. After we conveyed these statement to the brothers, they said, “Indeed, there is criminal suspicion around this issue.” Moreover, when the prosecutor arrived at Chamber Number 1 in Abu Za'bal, he did not question anyone. Rather the intelligence apparatus started transferring a segment of those who opposed the initiative process, just the day before yesterday, from Chamber 1 to Damanhur Prison. (We did mention the Salafists in Damanhur Prison, those who agreed to the initiative process have been transferred to al-Fayyum to prepare the conferences that we expect to start after Eid.) The brothers who are inside are saying that this transfer is either to calm things down or to hide the issue by the time the prosecutor arrives again. Alternatively, it is in preparation for treating those who opposed the initiative process among the Salafists in Chamber Number 5, just the way they treat those in Chamber Number 1. The security is saying or considering that Chamber Number 1 in Abu Za'bal is al-Qa'ida. However, the brothers themselves say that they are Salafists, that they wanted to carry out Jihad in Palestine, and that they are in support and solidarity with al-Qa'ida. There is other information regarding a brother from Chamber Number 1 in Abu Za'bal Maximum Security Prison. This brother went completely insane, and the information about him is as follows” His name is Muhammad Sayyid Muhammad ((Isma'il)), 27 years of age, science student, from Shubra al-Khaymah in al-Firnwani district. He was arrested on the 03 April, the brothers said in 2006, but we think that is incorrect, we will check back with him and let you know, we think it was in 2007, because the brother had told us that he was with ‚Abdallah ((Badr))'s group. (Of course, you know the condition of ‚Abdallah Badr; he was the first to appear on television announcing his repentance and cursing the brothers harshly. Two years ago, even one of the Salafist scholars said, “I swear to God, ‚Abdallah Badr is a spy.” When I asked the brothers about his whereabouts, I was told he is in Damanhur and there are indications suggesting his condition never changed, and some had mentioned that he was the one who turned in those brothers to security.) Anyway, this brother went totally insane and became unaware of his surroundings. He tried to commit suicide more than once. He has been placed in a solitary cell within Chamber Number 1. He constantly curses God and religion, sits naked, and urinates and defecates on himself. He is beaten during visitations, to make him wear his clothes. He tells those who come to visit him that he was severely tortured when he was in Shubra Branch and he sustained more torture when he was transferred to the intelligence. Two officers conducted the interrogations with him in Shubra Branch: One of them is Officer Usamah ((Rushdi)); and the other one is Officer Samih al-((Qassas)). He was tortured in sensitive places of his body, and the latter would tell him, “I am God.” Here is the text of Tariq al-Masri's speech: (The brothers had been brought together at Chamber 3's outer recreation area, and the following had arrived in the recreation area: - Walid ((Faruq)), he was promoted and Ahmad ((Shawqi)) assumed the position - Mustafa ((Jabr)), head of the intelligence - Supervisor Midhat - ‚Abd-al-Rahman ((Zaki)), supervisor Midhat's deputy - Tariq al-Masri Walid said, “Here is Lieutenant Colonel Tariq al-Masri, who has come to talk to you.” Tariq al-Masri then began speaking and said: “I am Lieutenant Colonel Tariq al-Masri, I have come here on the behalf of Major General Mustafa ((Rif'at)) or al-Hajj Mustafa Rif'at. I came here to talk to you briefly. First, I acknowledge frankly that we are late in meeting you. We come here to meet with you and to extend our hand with extreme openness. We don't want anything from you. We want you to remain respected and honored. We want every one of you to go home, take care of himself, his family, children, and get on with his life. You have been here too long. We have come because everything is just the way it is, in utmost frankness clarity and transparency, we come here admitting that we were late in tackling this file and not releasing you. I represent Major General Mustafa Rif'at, or al-Hajj Rif'at, according to what you call him, who has the merit after the Almighty God. Previously, there were 14,000 members of al-Gama al-Islamiyya, and presently, are left in prison, as you know.” “We came today because what happened with the Islamic groups was not the issue of the initiative, as you might think. We want the initiative process, we want I don't know what, we want money and so on, and so forth, hahahaha. This is nonsense, it is untrue and baseless. We came here to meet with you, to listen to you, to see your issues, and to try to help you, resolve your issues, and God willing, He will grant us success. Today was the first day of the relief; some of your colleagues were released today. We congratulated them and gave them the good news, and this is the first of many other steps like this that will follow regarding your continuing release. I am here giving you good news and saying, ‚Happy New Year' to you. We started a new page on the day we came, and we want the same from you.” His speech ended at 1:00 PM, and five people were released at the same hour. We already told you their names. When this speech was announced to all the prisons, there was confusion and Takbirs (TN: yelling “God is great”), except in Wadi al-Natrun Prison. We were told that just before the speech, one of the officers had been saying things, such as, “Considering that you are in Wadi al-Natrun, a peaceful orientation...” Also, “Your treatment will be different from the rest of the rejectionists,” and so on. The security apparatus said that there is no way to get out except through Wadi al-Natrun Prison. (This talk was directed to those who rejected the initiative process.) In addition, they said, “He who wants to be released should ask to be transferred to Wadi al-Natrun Prison, and we don't want anything else.” Indeed, the security apparatus has been releasing some of the prisoners from Wadi al-Natrun Prison from time to time. The brothers became aware that this issue is actually splitting the unity and diluting the case, and they cautioned the brothers in Wadi al-Natrun. Shaykh Ahmad ‚Ashush made a verbal request to be transferred to Wadi al-Natrun. (His goal was to instigate problems against the security and reunify the ranks.) The security apparatus asked him to provide a written request, but he refused and started to create many problems in al-Liman. The last [problem] was when he fooled the security into thinking that he had swallowed something. He was taken to the prison hospital where they performed some x-rays and tests; it turned out that he was fine. They then transferred him to al-Wadi al-Jadid Prison. One of the brothers told us that Tariq al-Masri gave his speech in all prisons for those who opposed the initiative process, except for al-Wadi al-Jadid Prison. There were many reason for this, among them was that the brothers threatened the security and the problems and disturbances in this prison are never ending. Finally, we comment on Tariq al-Masri's words, when he said, “al-Hajj Mustafa Rif'at, just as what you call him.” Those who named him al-Hajj were the leaders and members of the Group,; however, the rest - whether Jihadi or Salafist - do not [call him] this. We stop here, we will try to hurry in our response. We want to let you know that we read your letters and we told you that we did not understand the last letter. This is simply because there is an issue with the brother's Windows [software], so we cannot send it from home. We are forced to save it on a flash drive and take it to the Internet cafe. We will respond to the important letters in time, due to the successive events from within, even though we are very close and initially in agreement regarding its contents. Peace be upon you. We will convey your regards today or tomorrow to the Shaykhs inside and indirectly. What we propose to you is to issue a congratulatory letter on the occasion of the Eid to the Shaykhs and individuals who are detained and sentenced inside the prisons. However, if you do this, your letter will directly reach the brothers due to the availability of more than one mobile that enters the Internet. Before closing, there is an important issue: We have portrayed a rather dark picture of the entire situation, but is not always so. Rather, there are high spirits, good news, miracles, and very uplifting visions. We will be mentioning them later. Peace be upon you ---------------------------- I would like you to know that the brothers in Egypt also sent me a mobile phone number, and they told me it belongs to Shaykh Muhammad al-Zawahiri. They said that you could contact him; set up an appointment to speak with him. They also said that the person who would be responding to the call is someone other than Shaykh Muhammad, so I did not do that because I wasn't sure about trusting those brothers, fearing the negative consequences that might affect our brothers in prisons. ---------------------------- As for my escape from the Iranian Intelligence: During the last several months I had noticed an intense surveillance. [Ali Ardeshir-] ((Larijani)) had already traveled to Egypt in the same month, and he was well received. Then Hosni [Mubarak] contacted ((Ahmadi-Nejad)), and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that settling relations with Iran is conditional upon the extent of the cooperation regarding the security file between the two countries and issues that have symbolic relevancy. God Almighty had granted me success to escape from the surveillance. I kept praying the guidance prayer regarding the move to the capital when I was in Mashhad. I received a letter saying that Brother ‚Abd-al-Hamid needed me, then I decided to travel. So to God is all the praises and the favors. ---------------------------- Our precious Shaykh... After disseminating Dr. Fadl's document, it became urgent to announce Shari'a organization scholars and scientists, praising them and introducing them to the nation and to the Mujahedin youth. I suggest that you should issue a videotape statement introducing this body, which I suggest be composed of: . Brother Shaykh Abu Yahya al-((Libi)) 2. Brother Shaykh Mansur al-((Shami)) 3. Brother Shaykh ‚Atiyah al-((Libi)) 4. Brother Shaykh Abu Walid al-((Ansari)) 5. Brother Shaykh Qari Muhammad ((Yusuf)) With that said, al-Sahab will gather those Shaykhs and conduct a videotape dialogue to discuss the retractions in Egypt, on the Peninsula, and the conspiracies have been woven against the mujahidin in the Shari'a area. I also propose to you that this body be assigned to prepare detailed Shari'a responses on the books published that turn away from conducting Jihad. I suggest that we should start with Dr Fadl's document, then the book “al-Qa'ida Bombing: Mistakes, and Risks,” then the book “Decision in Ruling and the Seriousness of Takfir and the Explosions”: Both books are attached to this letter. Our kind Shaykh... It is clear that our brothers in Iraq are going through a very difficult stage, after forming groups of treachery and treason called “Awakenings,” and this requires us to think of ways to thwart the plans of the enemy before the situation turns in their favor. For this, I suggest the following: 1. Shaykh Abu Hamzah should come up with an audio statement announcing that the al-Qa'ida network is non-existent in Iraq because it previously pledged allegiance to Abu ‚Umar al-Baghdadi. He also should call upon other factions for unity with the Islamic State. 2. After that, Shaykh Abu ‚Umar al-Baghdadi should announce his readiness to concede his position if the other factions have agreed to join the State. 3. In the case that all other factions do not join the Islamic State, I advise to keep Ansar al-Sunnah outside the framework of the State, to make use of it in the next phase after the US announces its victory over al-Qa'ida in Iraq and decides to withdraw. At that time, Shaykh Abu ‚Abdallah al-Shafi'i will pledge his allegiance to Shaykh Usama, the al-Qa'ida network, and will join the Islamic State of Iraq. Note: Attached with the letter is a knee bandage and a box of pain-reliever capsules, this is what one of the doctors who specializes in joints advised me. I used that bandage and the capsules and found them useful, praise to God. I pray to God Almighty that may He grant you health from every illness, entertain us with your presence, and aim your steps on the path of the goodness. Don't forget us in your prayers and supplications. Peace, mercy of God and His blessing be upon you Your beloved ‚Abd-al-Hakim al-((Afghani)) Previously, Harun 4 Safar 1429 Hijri (TN: 12 February 2008) 