 In the name of God the merciful, the compassionate: First: Please give me your news, which we have been eagerly awaiting for years, especially after we received the good news of your release from the grip of the Iranians, may God be praised. It is hoped that your message reaches us by the time these words of mine reach you and that you are in good health and well. Please also give me news of dear son Hamzah and his children and sisters and their detained children and sisters detained in Iran and Syria, and news of children. We ask God the most high to rest the souls and Khadijah and accept them as martyrs to dwell in his home, and reward us for them. As for when you asked how I am doing, thanks be to God I receive blessing and grace as befits the majesty and greatness of his power. But for several years I have been living with some of our brothers from the people of the region, who are exhausted from my stay with them in terms of security concerns and what is related to it. It is hard for some of them to do some of what I ask them. The hardest thing I ask them is for one of the family to come, but due to the importance of your coming and how long I have been waiting for you to be released from the grip of the Iranians and the years I have waited here, I ask God to count it to your credit. I have exhausted my efforts to get them to agree. We began to pray for this intention and are optimistic that your arrival will be prepared soon. Maybe we will report that to you in the next message or you will come with it, God willing. I wish to share some of my circumstances with you during this period. We await the tenth anniversary of the blessed attacks on New York and Washington; they are just eight and a half months away. Of course you know how important they are and how we need to exploit them in the media as the embodiment of the victories of Muslims, and communicate what we want to communicate to people. I have corresponded with the brothers for al-Jazeera to begin coverage of these events starting 1 September, on the condition that we provide them several statements. If your arrival is delayed, fully believe that I will continue to try to make it happen, and if it is by changing companions, note that it takes some time. I will ask the brother with you to buy you a computer and accessories. I am enclosing to you everything on my computer in terms of statements or ideas. I hope that you review them and give me your impressions. I will also ask for the brother to buy SIM cards that you can use to communicate with me and your messages. What you write and tell me in terms of ideas, I will include in the statements. We pray to God that you come, for this will gladden our hearts, and will help us along our path and in our speeches. I sent you a statement filmed about two months ago which has not yet been broadcast by the media. I intended to make some modifications before broadcasting it. Note: We have been told that you already visited an official dentist in Iran and horribly fear the filling you were given. How nice it is for you to go to a dentist and complain about what was put in you, and ask to change it. In terms of caution, I ask you to report to me in detail anything you find suspicious from any doctor in Iran, like if the syringe is the usual volume and its head has a slightly larger diameter than normal. They can, as I told you before, put a small SIM card to plant it under the skin. Please also tell me what they told you about the reasons for your release and information that is useful in terms of security. Note: Our security situation does not allow us to go to doctors, so how nice it is that all of your medical needs are met, especially dental. Keep prescriptions from all of the doctors you go to for the disbursement of the medicines when you come to us, God willing, when you need it. We wish you health and stability. It is very important from a security standpoint for you to persist in learning Urdu or Pashto. Your presence with the families of the people of the area helps you do this. How nice for you to make this effort. Inform Hamzah to teach his son, since his younger brothers have been learning for some time. A few days ago we learned that Time magazine reported the release of some of our brother detained in Iran had left, and with them three members of my family. Muhammad, and Fatimah. Note that ((Aba-Yusuf)) is among those who were mentioned as leaving. Do you know anything about this? In conclusion: I ask God most high to protect you and bring you safely to us and to grant you His love and satisfaction and may He guide your paths with His protection, and He is able to do so. All of us are well and awaiting your arrival. The young ones of send their greetings. God bless you. Abu- Wednesday, 23 Muharram 1432 