 Praise is to Allah, whom we ask for help, and forgiveness for the evils of our hearts and for our sins. He who was guided by Allah will never stray and who strays will not have anyone to guide him. I testify that there is no God but Allah, and Muhammad is his Prophet. Poetry: The thrones of the tyrants are frightened and shaking And the people voices became higher than their crowns A revolution erupted to rescue us But in the east and the west it has enemies. While the people were looking for the revolutionary sun to shine from the east, suddenly it has risen from the west where it was not expected. The revolution was lit in Tunisia and the nation was happy about it, and the dawn of freedom shined, and the tyrant of destruction has fallen before these free men who raised their fists against him, not fearing his armies. They strengthen the pact, the terminations are solid and the arms are supporting and the revolution is promising. I pray to Allah to have his mercy on those who passed on the day of courage and fearlessness after that incident. That was not the biggest crime of the regime. The day when Muhammad al-Bu'azizi was wronged, they forbade him to feed his children with the sweat of his forehead, they slapped him because he was free, he was not a hypocrite as others were. When did you enslave the people, though their mothers gave birth to them free. They shut the doors of his livelihood and pushed him to burn himself, they killed him, God kills them. The Tunisian tyrant and his allies have forgotten who was seduced by peaceful days, the tongues of sorrow and regret will talk to him, and the nation is closer to victory every day and farther from humiliation and defeat. He prepared the troops and appealed for support after he wandered aimlessly running away from the innocent blood that is chasing him and those who supported him. He sought his friends but they disavowed him, and he sat aside like an scabby isolated camel, and then he landed on his own kind, “the birds stay with their own kind.” And it's no wonder that a butcher who colluded in the killing of our children in Iraq and Palestine was received by another butcher known for his attacks against Islam, and has shed the blood of Muslims. “And they accommodate the butcher in a castle- and we wish them distress and loss” My Muslim Nation: What your heroic sons have accomplished in Tunisia has important reasons that must be realized by the Muslim peoples. The most important of them is a pivotal reason where we must stop for awhile. It is the awareness and the perception. Awareness has risen in them, in part of understanding the situation, and the size of the finances and administration of the rulers, besides their alliance with the west and their lies to their people; the picture became clearer after the release of the Wikileaks documents. It is also important to look at the Muslim revolution in Tunisia against the occupation sixty-five years ago, and their liberation from the military imperialism, the dangers of which they had realized completely. But, due to reasons including the weakness of the peoples' awareness at that time of the great nations deceptions and tricks, they were not freed from the political, educational, and economic imperialism. This imposed on them rulers who played the role of the occupation and executed its plans. Our weak awareness of their deception at that time wasted long decades, and brought many tragedies. The Prophet PBUH said (A Muslim will not be bitten twice from the same hole). The most important priorities of the nation must be raising the awareness of their people for the revolutions to surge, bringing the right and defeating the wrong, and to warn of taking away some rights and the loss of most of them, due to weakness in their awareness and understanding. Shaykh Muhammad Qutb wrote about the awareness of the nation in his books (Concepts that must be corrected) - (Are we Muslims) (Our contemporary situation). In conclusion, I want say that the advancement realized by the Muslims in Tunisia has paved the road to liberating the Muslim Nation as a whole. Instead of the linguistic and racial connection among us, the strongest and greatest is the religious (There is no God but Allah and Muhammad is his Prophet) connection that gathered the nation from one ocean to another, when it was the guide to the world, and all the great powers were afraid to put a foot on its land. The day the revolution stops at the border of Tunisia, it will begin to regress. The reality proves that today there is no room for small governments among the imperialist and occupation beasts, and the presence of many parties acceptable to gravitation toward them. The revolutions must continue, until the Mujahidin of the east meet with the Mujahidin in the west, to free all the Nation's people and become one nation. God said "this is your nation, one nation, and I am your Lord, Worship" (92) Surat al-Anbiya'. The situation in Tunisia now is like the person who grabbed the lifesaver in a sea, and the shore is a trust that that the great Muslim nation will be liberated and they will defend each other, and become harder for the occupiers to prey on them with their various methods. Like the fierce attacks against Sudan, despite its crudity and distance from us. Real unity will not happen except by revolting against the rulers who violated the rules of Islam. These revolutions clearly showed who the real terrorists are, those who dominate the people's life and their freedom. 