In the Name of Allah, the Merciful, the Compassionate. Praise is to Allah the God of all creation, and Peace and prayers be upon Muhammad, his family, and his faithful companions and those who followed them to the Day of Judgment. I hope you are well. We are also well and in good health. We received your letter and the letter of your friend, and also the letter of Shaykh ‚Atiyah, and we were happy for the release of some brothers, and we hope they are fine and in good health, and we ask Allah to grant freedom and independence to the rest from chains of tyranny. We send to you our condolences for the brothers who were martyred and we ask Allah to grant you patience and to grant them the highest Paradise, Amen. What your friend and Shaykh ‚Atiyah said in regard to not being cautious in executing some of the operations, there is no doubt that this is not true, mindless, and not legal. The news has reached our friend and he will take decisive action in that, and I want to point out to you that the enemy's media has an important and principal role in exaggerating these types of cases. For example: They mention the number of the civilian victims often and they publish photographs, and these photographs may be of victims of a massacre that the enemy committed in another location, and then they accuse the Mujahidin of committing it to mislead the minds of the people. The deceit of the enemy in this field is not strange to you, keeping in mind, this doesn't absolve the mistakes committed by some of the enthusiasts or those ignorant of the Mujahidin. In regard to bombarding the enemy, first, we ask Allah to protect you from his evil, and then we advise you to not move too much, even if some matters have stopped for some time, unless the conditions improve and you have the opportunity to do so and to change location from time to time, and not to tell people about your locations as much as possible. At the end, I pray to Allah to protect all of you, and to heal your wounded, and to forgive your deceased, and to grant us all freedom and independence. Peace and God's Mercy and Blessing be upon you. Your brother in Allah: Mahmud 4/Safar (2)/1432 H 