 In the name of Allah the most compassionate, the most merciful. Praise be to God the Lord of all worlds, the compassionate and merciful, the king of Judgment Day. And Henceforth: We are and will remai, day and night, morning and evening, for the strong relation that exists between us and you, praise to Allah. all of our affairs and we ask Him to guide our steps and your steps, because He helps his servant as long as the servant comes to the aid of his brother. We have already seen this righteous Hadith come true. Praise to God that we are all devoted to the , the Sunnah and the doctrine of the Salafi, who are the companions and the obedient followers of the truth until the Day of Judgment. God, to whom be ascribed all perfection and majesty, ordered us in his holy book And hold fast, all together, by the rope which God stretches out for you, and be not divided among yourselves, according to Ibn Kathir in his interpretation of this verse. In addition to numbers of Hadith (Hadith of Prophet Muhammad) that are also calling for unification and rejecting rift, narrated by Suhayl Bin Abu-Salih and Abu-Hurayrah and mentioned in Sahih Muslim. The narrator continues until assuring that immunity was granted for those who agreed to become part of the union, as there are multiple Hadiths that exist about this, because there was concern about not splitting and conflicting. The Ummah was separated into 73 sects and all of them will be thrown into the fire of hell but one, who will go to paradise. Those are the followers of the Prophet, Peace be upon the Prophet and his companions. This ends his words, may Allah have mercy on his soul. -al-Rahman Nasir al-ay Allah have mercy The Compassionate, the Generous Facilitating us in Explaining the Words of the BeneficentGod ordered them to do what is necessary to assist them in their devotion, which is unification and following the religion of God. United, they can reach all their goals and achieve all their works that are pending their alliance, such as cooperation on virtue and faith. Also, rift and hostility will lead to deficiency in their systems, and each one of them will compete for his own greed, even if that causes harm to the public. This ends his words, may Allah have mercy on his soul. May praise be to Allah, since Allah bestowed us this understanding of speaking with one voice; we pledge allegiance to our Imam Abu-Yusuf Muhammad Bin Yusuf. The preservation of with us even to this day. Praise to Allah, we have listened to your tapes and have heard your news, such as the tapes of al-shaykhs, like Usama Bin Laden, Allah protect him, and Dr. Ayman al-Zawahiri, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Allah have mercy on his soul, and others, like Abu-Yahya al-Libi and Abu-Qatadah al-Filastini, may Allah protect them. But now what we have left is to learn about the system of the organization and how it is organized. The traveler will fail if he does not become familiar with the road that he is taking, and when he fails he may return or choose other options. But, when the traveler knows his way, he never fails, because he knew what he was facing. Oh Allah, you bear witness to that we want to be under one banner and there must be a vision to begin with, because our religion is a religion of vision and knowledge. We also want to be envisioned. Our goal is to spread the word of Allah on the face of the earth and to please Allah; we ask His Almighty to help us with this goal and make us of those who are fighting for the sake of Allah and not to be among the infidels who are fighting for the sake of the suppressors. With your permission, I ask to speak with Uhim, because the group is loyal, which Allah will ask me about on the Day of Judgment. Your brother in Allah, Abu-Muhammad Abu-Bakr Bin-Muhammad al-Shakwi al-Muslimi Bishku, the Imam of Ahl al-Sunnah wal-Jama'ah 