 In the name of Allah, the merciful, the beneficent To my esteemed brother Khalid, My best wishes for the blessed month of Ramadan. Please communicate my greetings to ((‚Abdallah)), ((‚Aysha)), ((Usamah)), ((Siham)), and their mother ((Maryam)). Congratulations for the safe exit of ((Hamza)), his mother, and his wife, praise Allah. My prayer to Allah is to curse spying and spies who can do nothing without Allah's permission. I am sending you the (TN: recorded) voice of the spies, who may continue spying for as long as three days. I checked on the house by taking pictures at night where “marks” can be pictured. You will see pictures for my son ((Sa'd)) and other scenes. ((‚Abd-al-‚Aziz)) and ((Mansur)) came to me at night while listening to the spying. Their visit was reported by the spies. I went out. Mansur came to me for business I assigned to him. ‚Abd-al-‚Aziz came as if he knew it was his last goodbye. At 9:40 p.m. they left to go to Miram Shah carrying some consignments. They arrived there and stayed with one of our supporters (Ansar). At 8:00 (NFI) there was an air attack. ‚Abd-al-‚Aziz and Mansur were killed. Three from our supporters were injured. However, two of them died the following day. Only one person survived. My brother/son-in-law was in front of me in a car with three supporters. Another car with supporters came ahead of them. Both cars stopped and passengers were talking with each other. They were about 400 meters ahead of me. This was 8:00 p.m. The air strike started and they were killed. An hour later, another car with supporters was hit from the air and passengers were killed. My third brother/son-in-law was killed in the month of Rajab while taking a training course in explosives. This leaves one son-in-law about 13-years old. The air strike was done as follows: A spy on the ground puts marks or sprays on cars. These infrared rays/marks and sprays can be seen by night vision instruments. ((Radwan)) is needed to perform military work against NATO supply lines. I have no information about Radwan's friend ((Hafiz)). Radwan said his friend was not able to come. ((Shafiq)) was put in prison, escaped, and put in prison again. His relative (NFI) has connections with ((Talhah)) al-((Balushi)) (TN: possibly al-Baluchi), working as partners of one retail store. The ((Albia Imm)) family is in Karachi with ((Abu-al-Harith)) al-((Sindi)) for medication. They said in their last message that the medication was done and want to come back, but are waiting for an answer from you to meet with them in the Sind. The financial position for your father is as follows: 10,500 Euros, 10,000 US Dollars. Your letter dated 26 Sha'ban was delivered on about the tenth of Ramadan. I'll send the letter of the Albia Imm family. I expect a response from them when writing to you next time, and Allah is the facilitator. Keep us in your prayers. Peace and God's mercy and blessings upon you. Your brother, Abu ‚Abdallah al-Halabi Date: 15 Ramadan (TN: no year) 