 In the name of Allah the most gracious the most merciful. Respected Brother, kind Shaykh, Zamrai, Sahib Allah protect you Praise be to Allah, the only one God, Who deserve praise and on anything is capable, and prayers and peace be upon His servant and messenger, Muhammad Ibn ‚Abdallah, who was sent as mercy for the world and as a warning for the sinners. I great you with the greeting of Islam, Peace be upon you, and mercy of Allah, and His blessings: 1. After writing the recent message, we received a message from brother Abu Muhammad al-Qatari, and it is attached under the title “In the name of Allah the most gracious the most merciful,” on the subject of al-Thani, and we responded to it with the response that copy of is attached under the title “Abu Muhammad Katrina.” 2. We received a message from our representative in the west in which he had some requests, as follows (in his words): (4-) When the uncle came to me, he had asked for an audio message from the Father in his name (addressed to him), because there is some giving [large sums of money[ dependent on that message, so please expedite. (5-) Katrina called me and asked for an audio message from the Father, but not addressed to any one in particular, and please expedite. Brother Najm told me that he is in contact with one of the shaykhs on the Peninsula who was supporting him with funds, and that shaykh does have a large amount in your name. Brother Najm asked him for the money, and the shaykh said he wants a written message from the Father, addressed to the shaykh whose kunya is Khayr al-Khayr, in which it is written that Brother Najm al-Khayr (which is the name of Brother Najm who is on my side) is delivering the funds directly to you, meaning the Father, in person, and not to the leadership, and to call on him for donating. This is because the people on the outside are fearful that the funds will not reach the desired destination, which is you, and if the message arrives, then he has two million Saudi riyals that he will deliver to us as a first installment. I have heard that Shaykh Khayr al-Khayr does have his weight with people. Note: Brother Najm is from the Peninsula, and he currently works with our representative in the west. He is trustworthy, and used to work in the past in financing the brothers in Iraq, and ran away for fear of being arrested . 3. A message from Shaykh ‚Atiyah arrived, and the following are some paragraphs from it: - Dear Brother, regarding the group of Abu ‚Asma (the Kurds in the west), Allah willing, I will be to them what you have instructed. They have not come short, Allah bless them, they always consult me in their important issues, they trust me, and love me, praise Allah, and I have seen respect, obedience, respect and application for what I say to an embarrassing extent, so praise Allah. In general, they had some extremism in them, due to their isolation and distance from their brothers and growing up on the books of al-Maqdisi and ‚Abd-al-Qadir Ibn ‚Abd-al-‚Aziz,and they did not have outlooks on the issues of envisioning and researching. So by the grace of Allah, after mixing with us they have come to a good degree of moderation, and they are men of zeal and sacrifice, and Allah knows. Now with their new emir - Brother Hajji ‚Arif, whom I met and talked with, and I saw in him a broad vision and a lot of good - they are very active, and they enter to the depth of their country and conduct good commercial works and great deals. However, the people in al-Fadl are trying to squeeze them politically. So they run after them and ask to sit with them and offer them their services. I wrote to you about this in the past and asked for your guidance on this matter. I told you what I advised them within that matter, so if you have any added direction, please send it to us, as they are still sending to them, asking to sit with them, and offering to help them against the Kurdish apostates, as they claim. But you know the cunning and evil of these Fadlis, Allah protect us from their evil. Yes, they are frightened of any independent Kurdish entity in the region. That is a red line for them and is vital, and because of this, they are ready to cooperate with anyone to prevent this by disturbing the Kurds and not allowing them to stabilize or create a body, with their amazing pretence of a good relationship with Talibani and Barzani, even the strong formal relationships with them and with all who would fight them, to the extent that they offered the people of Abu ‚Asma all help with funds or weapons. Please do not neglect guidance and counsel on that matter, as I told the brothers that I wrote to you and am waiting for your guidance. - Regarding the in-laws (the Algerians), we have sent them 30, and praise Allah it reached them and they received it. Twenty remained of what you permitted; we will send it to them. I ask your permission to also make the second one 30, so that it is not less than the first one, which is not much in a year or more - 60,000 - and of course, the funds are transferred from other places. They do not go through us, but it is transferred to them directly in coordination with Yasin and the coordinators, praise Allah . (And I have approved to him sending another 30) and their last message under the title “Wadudiyah.” - Regarding Lebanon, we are waiting for the representative whom we talked about in the past, and to date, who could not come over. Hopefully, Allah willing, he will come soon, and the news from them is good, despite the presence of infrequent campaigns against them, and we ask Allah to protect them. 4. Attached is a new audio message by Abu Hamzah aAl-Muhajir and the latest we have from the Internet. 5. There is a development in the subject of the brothers of Abu al-Layth. We met with them a day ago, and we discussed the issue of joining. I expressed my worry about joining as a group and said that it would be an area of contention with the other brothers in the group, both in and outside prison. [I said] that the tyrant would greatly pressure those in prison to declare that they have not joined us. Their response to us was that if we want to benefit from declaring the joining media-wise, it will not happen if they come individually, as it is already said that we are with you, so that will not change anything, versus what will be if we join as a group. [They said] if the declaration will cause what you expect of worries, we can omit the declaration and just unite without a declaration. I told them that, yes, it is possible that we do not declare the matter, but a statement would be issued from our side saying that we appointed Abu al-Layth to be responsible for Libya within AQIM. It seems that they liked that idea. I wanted to present that discussion to you, as it may help you on the subject, and I asked them about Shaykh ‚Atiyah's opinion, and he said that he likes the opinion of Abu Muhammad al-D to join as individuals, and he said that both sides have merit. 6. Received a message from the Peninsula from Abu Malik, attached under the title, “From Malik.” Finally, we leave you with Allah, who protects you. And Peace be upon you. Your brother, Hajji ‚Uthman 27 Rabi' II 