 In the name of God the most compassionate the most merciful Thanks be to God who says: "O Prophet, fight the infidels and the hypocrites and be harsh with them. Their abode is hell, and what an unfortunate fate awaits them." And prayer and peace be upon our Prophet who said: "Whoever is killed defending his money is a martyr; whoever is killed defending his blood is a martyr; whoever is killed defending his religion is a martyr and whoever is killed defending his family is a martyr." Now: This is the second letter to our Muslim brothers in Iraq. Descendants of Sa'ad, al-Muthanna, Khalid and al-Mu'annah, O descendants of Salah al-Din: Peace and God's mercy and blessings be upon you, I salute you, and salute your efforts and your blessed Jihad. By God, you have weakened the heart of the enemy, and brought joy to the hearts of the Muslims in general, and the Palestinians in particular. So, may God reward you the best of rewards. Your Jihad is a commendable Jihad. May God strengthen your feet and aim your shooting. How good you are! And who would do amazing deeds like yours? May God never distant the ferocious lions from my eyes They are genies when they ride their horses Humans when they dismount them They are lions of victory but without canine teeth Except the spears and the Indian rods So, cheer up, America has been bogged down in the swamps of the Tigris and Euphrates, and Bush used to think that Iraq and its oil are an easy booty, but here he is Œby the grace of GodŠ in a bind. And here is America today starting to scream with a very loud voice, and here it is shaken in front of the whole world. Thanks be to God, who responded to its anger by making it seek help from the scum of society, and beg the mercenaries from the East and the West, from Japan to Nicaragua. No wonder you did these deeds to America, and punished it this way, for you are the children of those great knights who carried Islam eastward until they reached China. And the matter needs more giving and sacrificing by you and more of the guerilla wars and martyrdom operations, as they are among the best deeds that prove obedience to God and bring you closer to Him. They are the weapons that impede and insult the enemy, by the Grace of God, the Most High. And they have an enormous impact in destroying the enemy's morale. So increase these deeds and set the ground ablaze under their feet, strike their necks, and beat the fingertips of each of them until they leave defeated, God willing. Like the poet has said: "He who does not defend himself with his weapon Gets perished And he who does not prevent curses Gets cursed And he who fears the reasons that may lead to death Will be killed by these same reasons Death is inescapable Even if you think you have reached heaven." So achieve your Jihad. May God help you accomplish your goals, and remember that work is granted to those who intend to work. And know that this war is a new Crusade against the Islamic world, and it is a war that is vital for the whole nation, and has many serious repercussions and bad effects on Islam and its people, serious repercussions and effects that only God knows the range of. So, youth of Islam everywhere, especially in the neighboring countries and in Yemen, go to Jihad and roll up your sleeves and be prepared to work hard. Follow the truth and do not follow men who follow their whims, who cling heavily to the earth, or those who count on those who commit injustice. They will instill fear in you and discourage you from pursuing this blessed Jihad. Voices in Iraq are being raised, just like they had been raised before in Palestine, Egypt, Jordan, Yemen and other countries calling for a peaceful, democratic solution in dealing with apostate governments or with the raiders, the Jews and the Crusaders, instead of fighting for the sake of God. Therefore, it is necessary to note briefly the seriousness of this misguided approach, which is contradicting the law of God, and which impedes others from fighting for His sake. How many precious opportunities to establish Islam have been lost because of obedience to the followers of this approach? So do not obey them. Carefully consider the words of God, the most high, "Our Lord! We obeyed our chiefs and our great ones, and they misled us as to the (right) path," (TN: Surah 33 verse 67) so as not to regret on a day when regret is going to do you no good. If you know the truth, you will know the followers of the truth. Truly know the men, but do not know the truth in men. Islam is the true religion, and God promised to protect it. Examine the path of the Prophet Špeace and God's prayers be upon himŠ and follow it; it is the true path. He said, as is written in the two most authentic books, "I swear by the one who owns the soul of Muhammad that if it wasn't for visiting the Muslims, I would have never stayed behind, but rather followed every brigade that went on a raid for the sake of God." So how do you obey in Jihad those who have never raided for the sake of God? Will you not carefully consider that? As those are the ones who blocked the energies of those faithful and honest ones in the nation, and followed the whims of human beings, followed democracy, the religion of ignorance (pagans) to enter the legislator councils. Those have strayed so far away, and mislead many people. Isn't the creed that there is no God but Allah which is the top of Islamic beliefs, destroyed among the first of its destruction deeds Dar al-Nadwa (the Council House), Quraysh's legislative council? Legislation is one of the most divine characteristics, and he who legislates for people without God, he has made of himself a god to be worshiped, and this is an infidelity that makes one expelled from Islam, and it is idol worship and a transgression against God. Not sinning against God by worshipping others is one of the two pillars of monotheism, and there is no faith without these two pillars. God said: "Whoever rejects Evil And believes in Allah Has grabbed the most trustworthy Handhold that never breaks And Allah hears and knows all things." (Surah 2 verse 256) So what is wrong with these people joining the council of polytheismŠthe Parliament Legislative Council that was destroyed by Islam? And, therefore, the head of their religion was destroyed. So, what is remaining for them? And then they claim that they follow the truth; they are in great danger, and God knows that Islam is innocent of their deeds. So let them fear God and repent to him for these deeds of ignorance, and let them be innocent of this infidelity council and its idols, and let them publically declare its infidelity, as publically declaring the infidelity of the sinners is a divine approach, as God said in this verse: "Say: O you disbelievers! I worship not what you worship, Nor do you worship what I worship, And I will not worship what you have worshipped, Neither will you worship what I worship. You have your religion, and I will have mine." (TN: Surah 109 verse 1 to 6.) Islam is the religion of God, and the Parliament legislative councils are the religions of ignorance (TN: Pre-Islamic pagan religions). God, the Most High, said: "Say, The Truth is From your Lord: Let him who will, Believe, and let him Who will, reject (it). For the wrongdoers we Have prepared a Fire Whose (smoke and flames), Like the walls and floor Of a tent, will hem Them in." (TN: Surah 18 verse 29) The command of God, which is wise and dear, to end the disagreement and division among people, and to establish religion is clear in the Holy Qur'an, by fighting for His sake. God, the Most High, said: "And fight them Until there is no disagreement And division among people And that all the religion Belongs to God." (TN: Surah 2 verse 193) And the messenger of God, may God's prayers and peace be upon him, said: "I was ordered to fight people until they confess that there is no God but Allah and until they pray and pay alms." And he also said that "Paradise is under the shadow of swords." This is the approach of our Prophet, Muhammad, God's prayers and peace be upon you. So, religion gets established by fighting, not like those who claim that they will establish religion by sitting in the shadow of parliaments and infidel governments. What misleading can be found after what is said here: He whoever is not convinced by fighting Let him give this chance to others And not tempt those who are convinced. O youth of Islam everywhere, beware of this misleading approach and pursue Jihad, as it is a duty and obligation to day. And whoever neglects the Jihad, that is assigned according to our Islamic Shari'ah, is corrupt. God said: "Say: If it be that your fathers, Your sons, your brothers, Your mates, or your kindred; The wealth that ye have gained; The commerce in which ye fear A decline; or the dwellings In which ye delightŠ Are dearer to you than Allah, Or His Messenger, or the striving In His causeŠthen wait Until Allah brings about His Decision: and Allah Guides not the rebellious." (TN: Surah 9 verse 24) I now draw the appeal to Muslims in general and the Iraqis in particular, and tell them to beware of supporting the American Crusader forces. Whoever allies and cooperates with it, regardless of the names and terms used, like the security apparatus and army and so on, or those under the so-called the interim government council, he is an apostate and infidel, whose blood is lawful, and who must be killed. The same goes for the government of those who support the infidel parties, like the Socialist Arab Ba'ath party and the Kurdish Democratic parties and the like. And this support and loyalty for the infidels is one of the ten nullifiers of Islam. As it cannot be hidden, God said: "And he amongst you that turns to them (For protection) is one of them." (TN: Surah 5 verse 51) And He said: "To the hypocrites give The glad tidings that There is for them (But) a grievous penaltyŠ Yea, to those who take For allies Unbelievers Rather than Believers: Is it honor they seek Among them? NayŠ All honor is with Allah." (TN: Surah 4 verse 138) So fear God and repent to Him and free yourselves from these idol-worshipping parties and systems, and believe in God alone, and fight so that the word of God becomes the most exalted. And it cannot be hidden that any government that is formed by America is a traitor government like the rest of the governments of the area, including the governments of Karzai and Mahmud 'Abbas that were established to abort Jihad. The road map is nothing but a new conspiracy to end the blessed Intifada, in which the biggest criminals participated: Bush, Sharon, 'Abdallah Bin 'Abd-al-'Aziz, 'Abdallah the Second, Husni Mubarak and Mahmud 'Abbas. Jihad must continue until an Islamic government, that governs by the rule of God, gets established. And there must not be a dialogue between us and the Jewish and Crusader occupiers, except the dialogue of the sword. Religion obliges us to fight them. God said: "But when the forbidden months Are past, then fight and slay The Pagans wherever ye find them, And seize them, beleaguer them And lie in wait for them." (TN: Surah 9 verse 5) And the Prophet of God, may God's prayers and peace be upon him, said: "Fight the polytheists with your money, souls, and tongues." And it has been said: The flame of polytheism Can only be extinguished by shedding blood And the steps of monotheism Have been supported by The shiniest swords." Also, those who respond to America, whether they were countries or individuals, by coming to Iraq to do any supportive work, is a Crusader and must be killed, even if the visit was under false names like peace keeping and demining. Whoever comes under the umbrella of the atheist United Nations, this Zionist, Crusader committee is the enemy of the Islamic world. Would the Jews have been granted a state in the land of Palestine if it wasn't for the resolution to divide Palestine, more than half a century ago? Also, everyone who responds to America under the name of the Islamic Conference Organization or the Arab League must be fought. Who else handed Palestine over to the Jews in the Islamic year of 1398, corresponding to 1948 (TN: Gregorian) after the dividing resolution, except the armies of the seven Arabic countries? Among them was the army of King 'Abd-al-'Aziz Al Sa'ud and the army of King Faruq and the army of King Faysal son of Sharif Husayn and the army of his brother 'Abdallah Bin al-Sharif Husayn, and all the seven armies were under the leadership of the English officer Glubb Pasha. What treachery can be committed after this? So, Muslims, this is a serious matter, not a joke: whoever has energy, or an opinion, or help, or strength or money, this is the time. It is at such times that people get tested, and the liars can be known, as well as the honest ones; the zealous and the indifferent will be distinguished. It is for such evil deeds that we call upon the determined and zealous people. And we ask the determined, free and honorable women of Islam to do their duty. O sisters of Fatimah and Sumayyah and Khawlah and Dhat al-Nitaqayn, the fighting fields are waiting for your enticing to the fathers, the brothers, the husbands and the brothers. We await your preparation for the raiders who will fight for the sake of Allah. So, bring victory to the religion of God with the dearest that you own, keeping in mind the rewards that God has for you. I tell my brothers, the Mujahidin in Iraq, that Šby GodŠ I share your worries with you, and I feel what you feel, and I am delighted with you over the Jihad that you enjoy. And God knows that if I had found a way to your fighting fields, I wouldn't have stayed behind. And how can I stay behind after we have spoken about the words of our Prophet, our role model and exemplar, who said: "By the One in whose hand the soul of Muhammad, if it were not that it would be a source of difficulty for the Muslims, I would never stay behind from any expedition in the way of Allah." And he said: "I swear by the one who owns the soul of Muhammad that I wish to be in a raid and get killed, then be in a raid and get killed again, and be in a raid and get killed again." This path of our Prophet Muhammad, may God's prayers and peace be upon him, is the path of the victory and the establishment of the religion, so please pursue it, as only the faithful ones do. So, all ye Muslims and all ye of Rabi'ah and ye all of Mudar and all the Kurds, raise your banners, may God raise you. Do not be afraid of those infidels and their weapons, as God had weakened their deceits and removed their wind. So fear not their large numbers, as their hearts are void, and their cause is beginning to get weakened, and they are troubled militarily and financially as well, especially after the blessed day of New York, by the grace of God. They have recorded a deficit in their budgets for the third consecutive year, and this year it has reached a new record that was estimated to be over 450,000 million dollars (sic). And the continued war will increase their economic bleeding, so do not enable them to steal your oil, and kill them quickly, and do not wait. If you strike them, then hurt them, because "God loves that when someone does a work to do it professionally." As our Prophet said, "do your work silently," and no Mujahid should review an operation that is none of his business. Do not be cowards and go forward, or else people will become cowards. Be steadfast and be patient. (TN: Verses about patience in seeking and receiving martyrdom are provided here). So seek the help of God and rely on Him, and do your best to be among the first martyrs who give their hearts for the sake of the religion. Allah's messenger (PBUH) was right when he said, (TN: Hadith), "The best among the martyrs are those who fight on the front line; do not turn until they are killed. Those are enjoying the highest rooms in Paradise and your God smiles at them, and if your God smile at a worshiper in life; there is no judgment against such worshiper." So, youth of Islam, young men of 'Adnan and Qahtan from the Gulf to the ocean, rush to bring victory to your brothers in religion and blood in the Land of the Two Rivers. So, followers of Muhammad, peace and prayers be upon him, now is the time to fight, as the battle is so fierce and is heated, the eyes are red, the lines are united and the swords are touching each other. So now is the time to prepare and leave for war. So, knights of God, ride your horses, and winds of Paradise blow. How lovely Paradise is How lovely is being near it It is sweet And its drinks are cold And the torment of the Christian West is near They are infidels and distant from us (by blood relationship) Strike them if you come across them. In conclusion: To my brothers, the Mujahidin in Iraq, to the heroes in Baghdad in the House of the Caliphate and what surrounds it, to Ansar al-Islam (TN: the Proponents of Islam), to the free people of Ba'qubah and Mosul and al-Anbar, and those who migrated to be killed for the sake of God and to bring victory to their religion and who left their fathers and children and countries, to you I send my greetings and say that you are the soldiers of God, the arrows of Islam and the first line of defense for this nation today. So consider fighting, and I hope that no Muslims will be defeated because of you. By God, you are trusted with it (TN: Jihad), and a lot of hope is being invested in you to defeat America, God willing. So do not embarrass the Muslims today. God said: "If ye are suffering hardships, They are suffering similar Hardships; but ye have Hope from Allah, while they Have none." (TN: Surah 4 verse 104) So follow the example that Sa'id, may God accept him, followed on the day of al-Khandaq (battle): (TN: Poetry about death and time) And the words of 'Asim, may God accept him: (TN: Poetry about death and Jihad). So I advise myself and you to fear God in secret and in public, and read the Quran, especially the verses of fighting, like al-Tawbah and al-Anfal. And mention the name of God and pray to God to grant you good deeds on earth and in heaven and to protect you from the torture of hell. O God, this is a day of your days, so take over the hearts of the youth of Islam. We advise them to fight for your sake, so God, strengthen their hearts and their feet, aim their shooting, and unite their hearts. God bring your victory to your Mujahid worshippers everywhere in Palestine, Iraq, Chechnya, Kashmir, the Philippines and Afghanistan. Lord, our God, give us patience and strengthen our feet and grant us victory over the infidels. "And Allah has full control over His affairs, but most people do not know." God, pray upon our Prophet Muhammad and his family and all his companions. And the final prayer of ours is that praise be to God, the Lord of Universes. 