 In the name of Allah the most gracious the most merciful Summary of the points proposed in the session Yemen: Shin/Mim we believe in the need to maintain the battle in Yemen with patience, awareness, and guidance; some sort of contact had been achieved and we shall be diligent in providing additional advice. With respect to the truce, we believe that neither the government nor the Americans who have control over it would accept it. The need to be diligent in providing advice to the brothers with leadership such as the two Shaykhs and the rest of the leadership members; generally, they listen, and obey. Your instructions to them concerning the tribes are good. The need to carry out the jihad and not to be involved in the government's structure, its institutions and designations. With the cooperation of the brothers in Somalia, given the importance of the strategic location of both countries. The issue involving the fall of the state, even if the Islamic state were not to succeed in its continuity - its benefits exceed its disadvantages. The reason is because it involves the return to the tribes, given their strength, and the parting of the central system; showing the good in the good people and their collaboration in a climate free of security suspicion. Then, bringing the people back to a central system after the fall of the state would be an extremely difficult and constraining issue, given the presence of the jihad even if it were weak; this is an interest that may not be ignored. Shin Ya' / the need to focus on attacking the Americans in Yemen and Afghanistan and focus on the oil while selecting the targets. We should not go back to confronting the apostate in the previous circular and tight method. The brothers in Yemen are instructed to target the Americans in Yemen, the sea, Saudi Arabia, and America as much as possible. The need to drown the Yemeni government in exposing its treason, as it had become clear lately; the need to completely embarrass it via the jihadist media because it was clearly indicated hence, the focus on the media facet. We need to proceed with them using the same approach we adopted with the Pakistani army, in a gradual confrontation as much as possible. The presence of the brothers should be different and not made public. The secrecy should be with two or three, according to the circumstances and the situation. The preaching shall remain ongoing and they will not need to confront the apostate so long as the strikes are against their masters; inevitably, they would defend them and we need to defend ourselves. We believe there is no need to mention the issue pertaining to the truce, because it is useless. Iran: The need to be patient with the issue involving Iran and escalate towards it. 1. We are now in a situation that does not allow us to antagonize Iran, especially due to the initial arrangements involving the external work. 2. The detained brothers may be released and this is an interest that should not be missed. 3. The issue of sympathizing with those striking Israel is one shock that we need to prepare ourselves to receive; although the awareness of the people now against the Shi'a is carried out by systems through their scholars and leaders. 