 of 4 In the Name of God, the Merciful and Compassionate The America Speech Those who say that the Muslims have no solution except for war are lying to you, for we are like the rest of humanity, with times in our lives for peace and war. And those that tell you that we fight people until they are forced to convert to Islam are not telling you the truth, and there is plenty of evidence for that. - First, our Almighty Lord said: Let there be no compulsion in religion: Truth stands out clear from Error. Second, true faith is composed of belief in the heart and witnessing by the tongue and work with the limbs. War has no power over hearts. It might compel the person to pray while he is not convinced and, therefore, he has not entered Islam. And some tangible evidence of that is that there are millions of Christians in our country. Here is Egypt with several million of your Christian brothers whom the Muslims have not killed and have not forced to change their religion. For, Islam leaves man with the freedom to choose to be a Muslim or a Christian or a Jew or a member of any other religion, provided that he bears the burden of his choice on the Day of Judgment. Several centuries ago, during the daunting inquisition when your Christian brothers slaughtered and murdered Muslims and Jews, the Jew had no other safe refuge but to flee from the hands of the Christians to the country of the Muslims in Arab North Africa. And here are their descendents living there to this day, yet they returned a favor with harm as the Jews occupied Palestine. And I say to you that, when Bush entered Iraq he lied, and said he wanted to spread high values and freedom and Democracy. And now he is preparing to leave while he avoids telling the truth. And I say to you American people, the greatest of values is telling the truth, and lying is the ugliest of values, and it is the ugliest when, even if only once, it is uttered by leaders and presidents. How can this be their habit from morning to night? In the past the leaders in the White House had some credibility. As told in a story by the National Security Advisor Brzezinski Œ the former American president sent one of his aides to former French President De Gaul to tell him that the American President said that the Soviet Union had placed missiles aimed at Europe. When this envoy wanted to pull out documents that would confirm this, of 4 De Gaul replied that there was no need to confirm it by looking at the documents, because the word of the American President was enough for him to believe that. So look where you have been and what you have done! Who on the face of the earth, even in America, believes Bush? These values that he speaks about are witnessed in Abu Ghurayb and Cuba and Bagram and other despotic American prisons. I say to you decisively that, thanks to God, the military wing responsible for operations against America has been developed. And it is an independent wing that, thanks to God, has not been negatively affected by the war in Iraq but rather the opposite is true. We have asked our brother the Emir of the organization in Iraq, Abu Mus'ab al-Zarqawi, to establish another wing there, for recruiting those energies qualified to operate against America and its allies, whereby Iraq has become a point that attracts and gathers Mujahid energies. And from here is revealed the truth of those fallacies that Bush and his gang promoted Œ our bringing the battle to their land in Iraq is better than confronting them in America. And the best witness of the success of this wing will be the operations undertaken in the capitals of Europe. And despite the fact that the size of Britain is not worth mentioning, compared to size of one of the large states in America, and despite the fact that they have adopted the highest level of various security measures, nonetheless, thanks to God, we have been able to infiltrate it and conduct our operations, praise God. Don't be fooled by Bush's pride in the fact that no operations have occurred in America recently, as it is known that some of the operations were stumbled upon and discovered not because of the efforts of Bush and his administration but as a result of some mistakes committed by some of the brothers in Pakistan. And they were discovered by your agent, the apostate Pervez. I ask God that whoever kills him be sent by Him. And what will come to you all is the most bitter thing you will have tasted, God willing, for effective civilian means to affect the enemy have been discovered, that are impossible for the security agencies to discover. And the results will come at the appropriate time, when the preparations are completed, God willing. And may there be youthfulness in Baghdad, the house of the caliphate and its surroundings, while in Afghanistan they sit in the houses with those who do not follow the Shari'ah. And they are like lions who leave their den to perform their duty with their brothers in the jihad. For, they hunt your soldiers with great pleasure. And they take pleasure in that as your fathers took pleasure in hunting the red Indians. However, there is the essential difference, in that what they did was motivated by the desire to attack and take over with oppression and aggression. However, what the lion of Islam does is to rightfully defend the faith and one's self and what is sacred. And every hour that you delay by remaining in Iraq and Afghanistan means, in short, more of 4 of you killed and more bleeding of your economy and more victories for the mujahidin, thanks to God. The intensity of the tragedy that befalls the American army in Iraq has forced those who deal in lies and deceit Œ Bush and his gang Œ in recent months to dispense with optimistic phrases about the war in Iraq. And they have begun to make statements, as they do from time to time, that do not tell the whole truth to the American people. And if the American media were close to being neutral and had reported one tenth of what happens in Iraq, you would know the truth of what I say. It is that truth that you know that they hide from you, and it is similar to what French President Chirac expressed when he said, “The doors of hell have been opened in Iraq," and one of your officers has described the state of the American soldier in Iraq Œ like a duck in a barrel of water that is too easy to hunt. Do you know why the rate of suicide among your soldiers in Iraq has risen? Look at these pictures from the battlefield in Iraq and Afghanistan that reveal that hell and the psychological state of the soldier as he gathers the limbs of his brothers, and he will be like them today or tomorrow. In closing we say, on the one hand, that we are determined and keen on shedding your blood and bleeding your economy and destroying your security, with God's help, one way or another. On the other hand, in our religion there is some allowance, and it is that we turn toward peace if the enemy turns toward it. And opinion polls have shown that the majority of you want to withdraw your forces from Iraq. In response to this positive development about your desire to stop the loss of American blood and money, we have no objection to signing a long-term truce and you will enjoy security and you will return to the peacefulness and security of before Manhattan with just conditions for both sides that are not harmful at all to you. You stop your oppression of us, keeping in mind that just as the United States is one entity, so are all the states of the Islamic world one entity in terms of our religion and the view of our people. And the agreement between you and your client rulers in our country mean nothing to us. And another thing, in which there is no courtesy or flattery on our part, you must stop all types of aid to the Israelis who practice their favorite hobbies with their weapons by murdering our children. For, if you believe in your desire for peace and conciliation then we have answered you. And if it is the other, then remember the verse that I mentioned the day you invaded Afghanistan, and I will remind you with verses that I stated to you about Baghdad after you invaded it, and they are of 4 -And how does one sleep at night who is concerned about fighting you until all the acts of injustice cease. -I swear to God you lied. Do not be forced to take it so long as the sword still exists. -If you attack me I will attack you. And the sword hits the heads. And peace to those who adhere to the right path. End full translation 