 The Eulogy of the Nation's Martyr and the Emir of Those Seeking Martyrdom (Abu Mus'ab al-Zarqawi) By Shaykh Usama Bin Muhammad Bin Ladin (may Allah protect him) Praise to Allah and praise to Allah, praise to Allah who said: “Think not of those killed in the way of Allah dead, but alive with their Lord. Rejoice in what Allah has given of his bounty and rejoice, for those who did not catch them from behind shall not fear nor shall grieve.” (Partial Qur'anic verse -- Al ‚Umran 169-170). And prayer and peace be upon our prophet Muhammad who said: "I swear by the one who holds Muhammad's soul in his hand, if I go to fight for the sake of Allah and get killed, then I fight and get killed.” (told by Muslim). Therefore, Our Muslim nation was devastated with the death of its courageous knight, the lion of jihad and the man of firmness and relevance, Abu Mus'ab al-Zarqawi Ahmad al-Khalayilah, after a wicked American attack killed him, we are Allah's and to Allah we shall return. We ask Allah to honor him of whatever he has wished for by accepting his martyrdom, and to increase his forgiveness and rewards and to comfort his family. Oh Muslims, the tragedy is immense and the calamity is great. We urge you to be patient and we entice your desires as its reward. “Let calamity strike as such and the problem gets greater An eye that has not over flown with tears has no excuse A youth that died between blows and stabbing sabers and spears Clinging to this death alone stands for victory if victory is not already achieved.” Our dear Muslim nation, because we were saddened by the separation of our beloved Abu Mus'ab and his companions, we are pleased that they died defending the Islamic Shari'a Shar'i'a. We are saddened to have lost one of our greatest knights, one of our best Emirs. However, we are happy to find him the icon and the role model that will ever live for generations to come of our glorious nation and the mujahidin will remember him and pray for him. He will be remembered by the mujahidin and they will be praying for him as well as writing poems in secret and in public; we will praise him for what we know about him. “He was easy to deal with, unless he was treated unjustly And if he caused unease to people, he would leave without blaming them and he would attack without blaming anyone.” Abu Mus'ab is gone with his head up; proud, free, abstinent, generous, and faithful. He gave up his world for his religion and never went to sleep knowing that there was injustice and he did not give up the truth ever; tough on the nonbelievers and lenient on the believers, insisting on fighting and a mujahid for the sake of religion. From his sayings, Allah have mercy on his soul: “There is no sense in living if our honor and the dignity of our brothers are violated and being ruled by the worshippers of the cross.” Also: “We fight in Iraq and our eyes are on Jerusalem which is not reclaimed except by a guiding Qur'an and a victorious sword.” He was, may Allah have mercy on his soul, loved by his companions, and was respected by his enemies; those of them who were fair testified for him and it's no surprise that they praised him. “The immaculate has passed away And there is not a garden that did not wish to be his grave Allah's peace to you always For I have seen a free, generous person, whose years are countless.” Abu Mus'ab followed our prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him, and he followed those who came before him, like our lords Mus'ab and ‚Umar and ‚Ali and Ja'far, may Allah be pleased with them. He fought the war with a smile, so Allah exalted him and made his name higher and he became a model for those after him. “The coward loved himself, which led him to stability And the courageous loved war, which led him to war What is the difference between the human race and him If warning was given to the warned and the hard became harder?” Abu Mus'ab is gone, may Allah have mercy on his soul; Allah did enlighten him so he established the base of defense for religion and to reclaim Palestine, Allah willing. He avenged the weak by slaughtering the Americans, the allies of the Jews, and killing their men and draining their money and scattering them and humiliating their pride. He entered history from the widest gate. “And don't cry for the absent lion Courageous at the fierce wars Let me die in the wars with honor Dying in honor is better than my life.” Abu Mus'ab taught that humanity means practical lessons on how to snatch freedom, as freedom is not granted to the submissive people under democratic domes. He taught humanity to revolt against tyrants in an age of Bush, the great infidel pharaoh of our times. Bush and his friends stepped on all mores and doctrines. You have a lesson in the occupation of Iraq and Guantanamo jail, because they have terrorized people and enslaved them with fire and iron, and treated the presidents like slaves. The pharaoh of the age came to Iraq not caring about the opposition and demonstrations of the people who said to him: “No shedding of red blood for black oil.” He despised the whole world; instead he crawled into Iraq with his army and weapons, boasting and disregarding everything, thinking that the lions of al-Shara have been demeaned and that the Muslim men became quiet, as the Arab leaders have showed submission. The enemy attacked Iraq and they oppressed the population and bombarded the villages. The noisy planes filled the horizons, deafened the ears and the gunpowder explosions spread death and caused noses to be stuffed and the mountains were shaking from the intensity of the explosions. The courageous people ran away to their homes and were not enticed by words, nor did their feet hold them from fear; their cries reached the hearts and they were fearless, with thoughts to protect their homes. They were not moved by any saying, they did not run in fear, and evil was upset. And the hypocrites broke the promises and they stood beside the Christian and the Jewish trenches, and the Muslims became like lost sheep on a rainy night. During this terrible atmosphere and during these difficult times, the knight of Islam, Abu Mus'ab al-Zarqawi, appeared. “Like a lion reaching out with his hands And daring with his heart, desiring something better.” A bunch of believers appeared with him, they were seventeen men and not seventeen armies. They agreed and fought and committed to Allah to support victory for religion or to die for it. These are men and the real men are scarce. “A thousand individuals at times are just like one At times one individual is like a thousand when things get tough, caring for us.” Who are they going to fight with the same numbers like theirs? No, even tenfold like them! No, they are waves like the sea, waves of evil soldiers and equipment but who exalted the greatness of Allah's truth in his heart and was granted monotheism. The stable mountains will sway but not him (TN: Zarqawi). Our knight dismounted, carrying the banner and was determined to fight to the end. He will either taste what Ja'far tasted or he savors victory. “He sets his foot in the swamp of death And said to it that the Judgment Day is under your sole.” So they fought the war and shelling started, using a few Kalashnikovs and a few anti-tank mines as well as a few bazooka cannons. Abu Mus'ab came with a few of his brothers the last time against the Russians as he raced his brothers to the battlefield. In Afghanistan, they prepared the battle against the big forces and they forgot about the legend of the great nations. They transferred their huge daring and high morals from Afghanistan to Baghdad and lit the flame of jihad, and the youth's capabilities exploded everywhere, from the highest point of the Furat (TN: River in Iraq) to its lowest point, and praise be to Allah. This is our knight who did all this after Allah gave him his blessings, who had unlimited capacities and was never behind a national treaty nor an international organization, and so Allah's favor is given to the person of his choice and Allah is generous to them– “The spirit of an honored ‚Isam that filled him with pride Forged Isam and taught him how to attack and retreat.” Yes this is the knight of Islam who fought against the pharaoh of the century, against American imperialism after the international organizations failed to put a stop to that unjust aggression. “He hits his target in the battlefield He is light when on the lion like horseback A person who is of vision and picks goodness from everywhere Even if it's hidden between the lion's fangs.” And here we ask Allah to give the best of reward to the courageous knight and reward all those who presented their condolences in regard to our great knight, may Allah have mercy on his soul. We mention in particular the prince of believers, Al-Mullah Muhammad ‚Umar, we ask Allah to give him victory as well as his brothers the mujahidin against the infidels. Then I say to those who are accusing our knight that he's killing some of the Iraqi people: If someone comes and claims that he's a man claiming that another man plucked his eye, take your time until you see the accused. The plaintiff may have plucked both his eyes! And this is what started being clearer during the last weeks when the representative Muhammad al-((Da'in)) talked about the size of oppression that is being practiced against Muslims in the Iraqi jails. Also before that, the leaders of Muslim scholars said that this is a war of extermination against the Muslim people in Iraq and that Abu Mus'ab, may Allah have mercy on his soul, had clear instructions to focus his fighting against the invader occupiers, starting with the Americans, and to neutralize those willing to be neutral. But those insisting on fighting on the side of the crusaders against Muslims must be killed, whoever he may be, regardless of his sect or tribe. To side with the infidels against Muslims is one of the ten offenses in Islam, as determined by the men of knowledge. Then I tell Bush, you must deliver the cadaver of the hero to his parents and don't enjoy it too much because the banner did not fall, praise be to Allah, but just moved from a lion to another a lion among the lions of Islam from the Islam lion, and we will continue, Allah willing, fighting you and your allies everywhere in Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia, and Sudan, until we drain your money, kill your men and you return defeated to your country, as we defeated you before, praise be to Allah, in Somalia. I also say to your partner in Jordan (TN: King ‚Abdallah), enough tyranny, you have banned Abu Mus'ab to enter his country when he was alive, do not interfere with him now, and the first person who must leave Jordan is you, to al-Hijaz, as this is your country and the country of your ancestors before Britain appointed your grandfather ‚Abdallah the First as its agent in Jordan. What are you afraid of, now that al-Zarqawi passed away, may Allah have mercy on his soul? Unless you know that his funerals, if the Muslims are left alone, will be a huge funeral, it will show how much the affection between the Muslims and their mujahidin sons is. In conclusion, I say: Abu Mus'ab, may Allah have mercy on his soul, honors not only his tribe, country, and nation, but the entire human race. He symbolized the meaning of pride and sacrifice and to his path there is a valuable example, if the world studied his aromatic biography, their children would learn how faith in Allah will make men resist the unjust and those astray. It benefits every educator, writer, and novelist to quote from his biography, which will enliven the youth and the future generations. And it is befitting of every free poet to say poetry of this hawk. If I were one of the knights of poetry I would have flowed with verses in this epitaph, and I would have competed with Tamadir in eulogizing Sakhr, but I don't find it unfitting to borrow some verses from the poetry of the present Islamic mission by Shaykh Yusuf Abu Halalah: “The earth is soaked with the sacrificial blood And the battlegrounds of struggle gleamed with fire From the unfertile ground springs clear water It will be proud of the faith and the righteous heroism It will declare when sacrifice is rare we are the sacrifice for religion And the victory is for those whose bodies are covered with blood Those who refuse to see their homeland sold cheap And those detesting living if it is living of the subjugated A few moments and the tempest will scatter its horror With this kind of life Hamdan will fall like a wind-clipped falcon After he dared death while shelling is everywhere I bowed to kiss his bleeding nose which opened my wounds Tears streamed down my cheeks and I said oh my soul and comfort Take it easy on our hearts, won't you reconsider leaving us The shrouded hero responded mockingly of my suggestion Spare your tears, my comfort is not in your precious tears This is the path if truthfully loved, so carry my weapons.” May Allah have mercy on Abu Mus'ab's soul and may Allah have mercy on everyone who carried weapons for jihad for the sake of Allah, and the last of our prayer is praise Allah and prayer and peace upon our prophet Muhammad and upon all his companions. 4 Jumada t-Tania 1427 30 June 2006 