 In the name of God, the Most merciful Praise be to God, and prayers and peace be upon Prophet Muhammad, his family, and companions. Al-Qa'ida Organization in the Land of the Islamic Maghreb The Leadership of the Organization Letter Number: 28H/48 To: Shaykh Abu-‚Abdallah ‚Usama Bin-Ladin, may God protect him From: Abu-Mus'ab ((‚Abd-al-Wadud)), the Emir of al-Qa'ida Organization in the Land of the Islamic Maghreb God's peace, mercy, and blessings be upon you. Praise be to God, Who deserves our praise and Who is capable of everything. Prayers and peace be upon Prophet Muhammad, his family, and companions. There are some recent developments in the jihadi arena in al-Maghreb area. I decided that it was my duty to expand the Shura council of the Organization to include representatives from all the countries of the Islamic Maghreb. In addition to being a legal right for our Mujahidin brothers in these countries, it also is the only way for us to become aware of their situation and circumstances and to know about the condition of the people. This will help us in establishing our plans and in forming our policies in the area. One cannot know the real situation in these countries without including these brothers. Also, without knowing the real situation, we cannot advance and spread jihad in the best fashion to the countries of the Islamic Maghreb, which we are striving to cleanse from the filth of apostates and aspiring to liberate from the Western dominance. Based on the above, I wanted to consult with you on this issue to benefit from your rich and invaluable experience and expertise in the area of organization and management. I started moving in that direction and I decided to include representatives from Tunis, Morocco, Libya, Mauritania, and the Western Sahara. The problem that we face is that the number of brothers who join jihad, such as the Libyans and Tunisians, can be significant, but most of them are young (may God extend their lives) and they lack jihadi experience. In the previous phase, I decided to leave them for a while to allow them to get to know each other to make it easier for them to choose their leads when we ask them to do so. Today, I started this process with the Libyans. As for the brothers from Tunisia, we decided to initially choose brother Munir al-((Tunisi)). He is known to the brothers in Afghanistan because he participated in the first Afghan jihad. We await your guidance and counsel for completing this process, which without a doubt will increase the harmony, unity, and strength of al-Mujahidin in the Islamic Maghreb. God is the leader to the best paths. Your loving brother, the Emir of al-Qa'ida Organization in the Land of the Islamic Maghreb, Abu-Mus'ab ‚Abd-al-Wadud 