 In the name of Allah, the Merciful, the Compassionate. The Army of Islam Thursday 8/5/1428 24 May 2007 Praise is to Allah, comforter of the believers and degrading of the polytheists, Praise to Allah who gave victory to his worshipers, and comforted his armies, and defeated al-Ahzab alone. Praise is to Allah and prayers and peace be upon his Messenger, the Imam of the Mujahidin, the prophet of mercy and the fierce battle, who was sent with a sword between the hands of the time until God is worshiped only, and there is no partner to him. God's peace and prayers be upon him and on his family and companions, and those who followed them to the Day of Judgment. Since America declared it crusader's war against Islam and Muslims, the Arab (idols) unbelievers began to offer the sacrifices of loyalty and obedience covertly and overtly and they utilized all their armies to fight any true believers, raising the banner of monotheism to drive them away from God's religion and relieve the Nation of Islam from the humiliation and shame. The unbelievers and their armies rushed to prove to America that they are the first to fight Islam and the Muslims. And at the end of these wars, not the last of them is what is going on in our present time against our brothers in “Fatah al-Islam” in Lebanon, God grant them victory; since the establishment of that Muslim group, Fatah al-Islam, declared itself a Muslim movement that sought to fight the Jews and the Crusaders, after many Islamic movements had stopped fighting the Jews, reducing their religion to the beard and short dresses, and they abandoned the crest of the hump of Islam. The idols of Lebanon and their armies declared war on Islam, such as the Arab idols who preceded them; they killed the elderly and caused the women to become widows and the children to become orphans. They blew up homes on their inhabitants, and all that in the name of the war on terrorism (Islam) “Sufficient onto us is God.” Today, the world is watching a war against Islam, a war not similar to any war before. We have seen many Muslims who were not satisfied with abandoning their brothers, but I wish they had stayed quiet; they described every believing group as being a terrorist group seeking to undermine the country. Where are they from the Muslim countries, who support the crusaders and bury the Muslims, where are they? There is no proof bigger than that which is happening in Lebanon, with the party of Lat (the Refusals) , who pay support to a war that was disastrous to Islam and the Muslims; not in Lebanon alone but in all the Muslim countries. After this war uncovered the liquidity and the ignorance of many of the Muslims to their Islamic beliefs, the faith of “there is no God but Allah, and Muhammad is his Prophet.” The Lebanese army attacked us who did not fire a bullet against the Jews, when Lebanon was demonstrating its muscles and bombarding the Muslim fighters with cluster and nails bombs. We saw scenes on the TV screens that remind us with the Massacre of Sabra and Shatila, Dair Yasin, and Qana. Women were killed and children were running away. The Mosques were destroyed on top of them and a refugee became a refugee with another refugee. The time and place have changed, but the action and the goal are one; it is a war against Islam and Muslims. At the time when missiles, jets fighters, and cannons are hitting our brothers in the Camp of Nahr al-Barid and on the Muslims in the East and the West of Earth; we did not see or hear any support to their brothers. At the time when the voices where loudly asking for help from al-Lat Party, and the prayers for some Muslim movements called for support for the Refusals and not for their Muslim brothers. Where are those who call for the protection of the Muslim agenda? Where is your Islam? Aren't those who are being bombed Muslims? Where are those who shut our ears with their new law of prohibiting shedding the blood of the Palestinians? Is it prohibited inside the borders of Palestine, but outside of it is allowed? What is it with you? How do you rule, and what laws do you invent??? Where are those who claim the Arab and Palestinian nationality and patriotism? It is the day when the face masks fall off all, and the defects will appear and the tents will divide; faith without hypocrisy and atheism without faith. 