 In the name of God, the most merciful, the beneficent Greetings, To my dear brother Abu-al-Faraj, the Deputy of the Amir, To my dear brother ‚Abd-al-Hadi, the Amir of al-Ansar Brigade, We received a detailed message from brother ‚Abd-al-Hadi dated 22 October and another one dated 4 November. Thanks for the good news. We continue to repeat to the brethren to tell others of the good news and good solidarity. We also want everyone to know the consultation you had regarding the appointment of brother ‚Abd-al-Hadi in the position vacated by the late ((Jum'ah)) Bay. Accordingly, Al-Ansar Brigade, which was set up by the Amir of the Believers, continues working in the country, and continues to be the official cover up authorized by the Islamic Emirate. This is intended to be known to all Ansar brothers in and outside the country. It is the core and point of reference for every move made by the Arabs, Pakistanis, and everyone else from the Ansar brothers. For Mulla ((Rajab)): - The message of brother ‚Abd-al-Hadi did not say anything about 25. There is no information if it was delivered to him or not. (NFI) - Our recommendation for the financial support in his region is to be done through him personally. We do not encourage direct communications with field leaders, to avoid conflicts and discriminations. Please inform Shaykh ((Abu-al-Layth)) about our recommendation. (1) Please give Mulla Rajab another 25 as a second amount. Discuss with him the possibility of expanding the work in his state and in Paktika. Ask him about his other needs, if any. (2) Set aside for him a monthly amount of (10,000) for military expenses, as mentioned earlier. Consultation Place: (2) Set aside a monthly amount of (1500 + 500) for the Turkistan families and for administration expenses. (3) Set aside a monthly amount of (3400) for the families of ((Tahir)). (4) Set aside a one-time amount of (25000) to promote love and good public relations among the brethren. (5) Set aside a monthly amount of (10000) for the work in the state of Paktika. (6) Set aside a monthly amount of (5000) for ((Kabir)) and his people. (7) Set aside a monthly amount of (800) for ((Al-Jaw-al-Mu'attar)). Please, brother Abu-al-Faraj, contact Shaykh Muhammad Yasir al-((Wardaki)) through brother ((‚Abd-al-Ra'uf)), if you will. Ask him to form a charitable committee, but not from Arabs or Mujahidin. This committee should be active in the Pashtu boundary region. This will be our back belt for inside operations. Brother ‚Abd-al-Hadi will put him in touch with activists from al-Mawlawi and religious schools in his region. He should provide schools with textbooks from the market. He should provide Qur'ans to mosques. He should prepare the curriculums for faithfulness, innocence, governorship (from the Hanafi theology). He should push it to be part of the religious school curriculum. After that, he can go to support digging wells, repairing and building mosques, building rooms for religious schools, etc. Abu-al-Faraj should give al-Wardaki the following: (8) Some money for last year (6000) + (2000) in advance to the beginning of February. (9) Monthly budget of (5000) for the charitable committee. He should provide you with reports and developed projects. Brother Abu-al-Faraj should oversee all the detail committee's activities. All reported funds are in green (A budget for six months will be prepared for you. You will have the freedom to pay from this budget, except for ‚Abd-al-Hadi and Abu-al-Faraj. Please show us what was spent from the last amount you received. Sixty is for you, locally, for brother ‚Abd-al-Hadi. Please discuss the Mulla communication issue with Mulla Rajab and with Kabir, even if you have to go through al-Mawlawi ((Hannan)) through brother ‚Abd-al-Ra'uf. Funds may be set for these activities, if needed. Pay attention to the subject of cameras and photography. This is very important to raise morale and embarrass the enemy. Please take care of completing any housing project for the families of Rome . Please complete ((Zaman)) project. He is free in Peshawar or frequently visits Peshawar. Please have someone dedicated for this purpose (NFI). Brother ‚Abd-al-Hadi: Keep the amount of money you have as a reserve. It will be increased to 100,000. Fixed amounts may be spent from it to any purpose you see appropriate, even when repeating some payments every month. Do not say that these are “monthly” payments until after receiving an expense report for such payments. You are free to spend monies to stimulate internal military activities and avoid any delays because of difficult current communications. It is imperative to consult with Abu-al-Faraj about these financial issues, thus being informed of what is done. Please communicate our greetings to all Shura personnel, Mulla Rajab, al-Shaykh Abu-al-Layth, and everyone else. Please continue to use one fixed name in your letters. Please ask the brethren to write the date on their letters. Note: Please write a detailed report about the project of cleansing/purifying Paktia and Paktika and the needed funds. We ask God Who brings us together for His mercy, with the prophets and the martyrs and companions. And peace be upon you and mercy of God and His blessings. Your brother, Abu-Sa'd Tuesday, 14 Ramadan 1423 