 ( of 3) In the name of God the merciful the compassionate Thanks to God the master of the universe, prayers and greetings on our Master Muhammad and on his kindred and all his companions. To my Son Abu 'Abdallah, peace be upon you with God's mercy and blessings. I read your message, I swear my son that it is an affliction and a test. Yes my son, it is the death that I have realized with all its meanings and dimensions. I have become more assured with the news about "the precious light of the eyes". It is a test and an affliction for us all. I wish from God to make our latest day our best, and that we will be offered martyrdom. The children have arrived, thank God. They were shocked by not sending their sister with them. They are asking about her, and we hope to see her soon, with God's permission. They are well and their condition is fine, thanks to God. Their maternal aunt Miriam is taking care of their requirements, and is giving them affection and protection. All here are wishing them happiness and satisfaction. They have become very attached to their grandfather and uncle, thank God. God is my witness, I would not have denied them from you, and I pray for you from my deepest soul for patience, and this is an affliction. But we cannot compare your affliction with mine. For five years, as I was calling her spirit which was filling my eyes, heart and soul that I have invested my tears and health just to see her, and when the matter was facilitated in one of those times, it did not take place, thanks to God. Rest assured on your children, they are fine, and may God bless their mother's soul as she was precious. ( of 3) Irrespective of that, I am satisfied and resolved my son, and request God to join me with her in heaven, and be amongst those who have won. We are all fine, thanks to God; we pray that God continues his favors on us. 'Abdallah is doing fine in his studies with his aunt Miriam. We have modified the room of the late and precious which was in her name, into a classroom where 'Abdallah studies with his aunt Safiyah. Do not worry about the children, they are in our hearts and eyes, they will be surrounded by kindness, affection and care, with God's permission. I was hoping to see them in my dreams, now they are here with me. God will join you with them soon, with his permission. Concerning Fatima, her grandfather says that she could be sent in the middle of the month of Sufar. Arrange the matter with Shaykh Sa'id and send. Also he wants you to cooperate with Shaykh Sa'id to submit a message to Shaykh Bakr, concerning the threat of "The Rejectionists". It is about the mediation to bring the boys out from Iran to Pakistan. I want you to have the telephone numbers of my brothers to follow up this matter. The number of the establishment is 6879222 and the number of your uncle's mother is 6605041. If it is possible, would you ask 'Abd-al-Rahman al-Maghrib or Shaykh Sa'id about Yemeni religious institute's elementary schools curricula or others in all subjects? My valuable son, I have requested your uncle to send me the name of the region where our precious was buried, the address of the graveyard and the name of the doctor and her address. If you would go to visit her on Eid al-Adha, with God's help, give her my greetings. I will not forget her name in my prayers, until I follow my daughter as a happy martyr with God's permission. I also ask you to send me Fatima's luggage, whatever my daughter was wearing, even her wristwatch, where I can smell her aroma. As for her gold, if you wish you can keep it, or if you wish to send it. As for my gold, your uncle has arranged with Shaykh Sa'id to send it at any future chance. ( of 3) May God reward you on Fatima's photo and her mother's handwriting. If you have more, send it to me within the messages. My question is, did she have a will, and did the news reach the Hijaz? If you are going to write to them, would you send those words on my behalf? Finally, I pray to God, and assured of the response, that our getting together is soon, with God's permission. All convey their greetings, particularly your uncle, 'Abdallah, A'ishah and Hamzah. Your uncle is inquiring if you have any telephone number, from the numbers of my brothers in the city. Have a greeting from me and a request from my deep soul for a close encounter with God's permission. December 16 2007 