 of 5 In the Name of God, The Most Merciful, The Most Compassionate. Thanks be to God Almighty and peace and prayers upon our Prophet Muhammad, his Kin and Followers. To my noble brother Hajj ‚Uthman, may God protect you. Peace and prayers be upon you, I hope my letter finds you in good health and may you be more pious and closer to God. I am well. Thanks be to God. I hope to hear your news and that of al-Zayyat and whoever is with him. We received the news that the Pakistani Army threw leaflets in some tribal areas in Waziristan asking the tribes to leave in preparation for a large campaign. I'd like to remind you of the importance to go over the principles of guerilla warfare. Most importantly, attacking and retreating, not holding on to land, and protecting the leaders in order to continue with jihad. For this reason, I hope that you will look into moving some of the leaders to safe places away from the combat zone. of 5 I sent you a letter regarding our brothers in Somalia which I hope you received. Please send a response if you have one. With regards to the brothers in Iraq, we have not received a letter from them in some time. I hope you can send me their latest news. If it is possible, send a brother who is trustworthy and is qualified to travel to Iraq to find out the reality of the situation there and inform us. I have a few remarks, which I rushed to put together, about the media products I was able to review. I hope you write me a response and send it to all the brothers in the fronts where the media products are being produced. I would like have a committee dedicated to following up on the media products and providing guidance to whomever it may concern. The most important remarks are: 1- The mujahidin leaders need to better select their words, and avoid using words that we banned and words that contradict that a Muslim is not a slanderer or foul-mouthed. of 5 2- Publish some pictures of operations with the voice of some brothers using inappropriate language while cursing the enemy. 4- Avoid publishing the pictures of atheists while they are asking for forgiveness and renouncing their apostasy. 5- It is recommended to use the word victory when applicable and not exaggerate or what appears to be an exaggeration. 6- It is sufficient to take pictures of the spoils, without photographing the way the mujahidin extorted them. 6- (sic) Do not increase the conditions for accepting mujahidin Recruits, as the former Iraqi army did when it set forth the condition for recruits to memorize three part of the Koran. of 5 8- (sic) Do not publish inappropriate pictures, such as altering and distorting the enemy's pictures by using the computer. Also, do not change the pictures of the mujahidin by adding hair or a beard. 9- Avoid publishing pictures of the brothers who were martyred, may they rest in peace, while they were joking and were not aware that they were being filmed. Avoid mentioning stories that are useless to the reader or the listener, which may have a negative impact on the mujahidin. For example, mentioning that some of the suicide bombers changed their minds when they arrived at the target or joked about anything we banned. 10- Do not publish pictures of the martyrs who were badly injured, which may terrify the younger generation and the Muslim youth who want to join jihad. 11- Avoid publishing pictures of prisoners after they were beheaded. 12- Avoid displaying some prisoners wearing inappropriate clothes. of 5 I hope that serious consideration gets devoted to the resources available and that they are refined and encouraged to advance. I also hope that attention gets paid to the ones who excel, to give them the opportunity to develop new leaders qualified to carry on the work. For those who ignore their potential, it needs to be highlighted to them and they need to be cared for and provided guidance on how to discover their full potential. Forms need to be prepared so that they can fill out their education levels from their childhood and the grades they got in universities and institutes. They also need to provide the professional experiences they acquired. Furthermore, attention needs to be focused on boys and grandsons and on creating new symbols for the Ummah. Also, attention needs to paid to girls and women. Their role (girls and women) is undeniable in this area. In order to achieve this, attention needs to be devoted to all levels, one of which is physical health. A sound mind in a healthy body and knowledge is one of the most important tools of war. Regarding the associate, we have selected the brother who you mentioned had spent the longest time at the fronts. I hope you arrange for your intermediary to meet our intermediary, so that the associate can meet the person from my side who I previously mentioned to you, and I would like for you to give him one million rupees from my account to get a house. 