 Here, I tell the Muslims in Yemen that the reasons for a revolution and the factors for its success are available to you. One of the main reasons for a revolution in Islam is that it is a religious obligation. Scholars emphasized the importance of removing a leader who carries out deeds that are contrary to Islam. This is the common factor between you and all the Muslim people. You are not strangers to the repeated positions by ‚Ali ‚Abdallah Saleh which clearly show that he did things that are contrary to Islam for the past few decades, such as appeasing the infidels, providing for the American destroyers so they may continue their siege and kill our people in Iraq and Palestine, and conspire with the United States in the killing of Muslims in Yemen, including men, women, and children, for the goal of achieving the interests of the United States. He even assured the Americans that he would continue to support their operations that target Muslims. [This is] a betrayal and collusion that are as visible as the sun in broad daylight. What adds to the visibility are the frequent visits by American administration officials to Yemen and his compliance with their request to stop the war against the Huthi, who are the real danger to the area, and to concentrate his efforts on targeting the free Mujahidin. In addition to the aforementioned reasons, the biggest reason for revolutions is the regimes' rampant financial and administrative corruption that led to an excess of injustice and poverty, and that is what the regime is doing there. As for the elements that lead to success, they are there, and the most important of which are the presence of free and resilient people and tribes and the availability of weapons. The free people in Yemen have two things that they need to work on: First: Work hard to increase awareness. Second: Establish a leadership on the same level of the events, and this leadership should have the courage to deal with the regime. The current leadership should either correct its position toward the regime, move away from it, and manage and incite the people through tapes, or move aside and let the people deal with issue. The importance and the obligation of revolting against the regime is obvious to all people, but what keeps them from making the brave decisions to do what needs to be done is the leadership. There is an important matter here that should be known to the children of the nation: The overwhelming majority of our leaders today, regardless of their titles, whether they are the leaders of Islamic work, leaders of parties, scholars and preachers in the Arab world in general and in Yemen in particular, are the safety valve and the first line of defense for the rulers. Their disruptions to the movement of the people against the regime are greater than the disruptions by the army and security. This can be attributed to many reasons, including when you have a leader who is not ready and who is under the hands of the regime, he will be not be able to make decisions. He fears that he will be arrested or killed as soon as he allows a move, let alone the call for one. Thus issues become confusing for those who are sincere; therefore, they go seeking their answers from sources other than the true sources. However, when people revolt under new and unknown leaders, the ruler cannot arrest or kill millions of his people and that is what happened in Tunisia. The honest preachers should focus on the great Word in order to protect people's faith from intentional confusion and doubt and they should not place general Islamic teachings, literature, and tradition ahead of it, instead they should always follow it. 