 In the name of Allah the most gracious the most merciful Thanks be to God alone, peace and prayers be upon our prophet Our respected Shaykhs Peace, mercy and the blessings of Allah be upon you I pray to God the Almighty that you are well to what satisfies Allah, the Almighty, praise be to him, and that you come to God with your hearts and deeds. Our respected Shaykhs God only knows how much we had wanted to be with you to serve you. You, and God only knows hold a place in our hearts. In these lines, I wanted to remind you of what goes on in my mind, what crowds my chest and what I had heard from several brothers. However, I believe it is a trust that I need to fulfill so long as the opportunity is available; also my learning about your dream and patience towards your brothers drove me to write these lines–Even if I have deleted a lot of it and that of which I had wanted to mention due to the advice of my paternal uncle and Shaykh ((Abu Ja'far)) as they had agreed to a great extent on what I had written I say to begin with that there is no doubt about the need to return to Allah the Almighty, praise and glory be upon him, and to repent to him from every sin we committed especially with respect to the latest events (no trial shall be brought down other than with guilt and shall only be lifted with repentance). My Brother ((Abu Dajana)) had written something in that respect and others, as several brothers from Al-Qa'ida read it but unfortunately I do not have it now with me to send to you. No doubt, there is the need to admit to a mistake no matter how much it would cost you before your brothers in the group or your brothers in other groups; admitting to the truth is a virtue as it raises its doers and this does not mean that the enemies would look down at us; however admitting within the ranks and within the group would gather the hearts, consolidate the efforts, and unite the ranks. It would also build a true controlled plan, God willing, to avoid and correct mistakes –dealing with the actual fact: this is a very important matter–We would not say: we continue to be strong and continue to be able to do this and that, that our leadership is all well and that we shall strike in August as it was mentioned Œ I believe that all these terms are incompatible with humbleness and obedience to Allah, praise be to him, because sometimes rather most of the times, we believe ourselves. This is what happened with our group, and this does not mean to refrain from mentioning us in matters like that or to keep quiet, no– we need to deal with the current jurisprudence and what our faith dictates. We need to firm up our brothers and firm up those around us. We need to remind them that the victory of Allah is coming, no doubt and victory is time patience; many small factions won over a large one, with the grace of Allah, etc. The media is a two-edge weapon, unfortunately no one thus far from the people of the Islamic movement has succeeded in exploiting it. The media controls us and we walk behind it. If we thought at the beginning that it would achieve our goals, we then need to review the media formula. We need to go out in the media in a way that would blaze the general chests; especially that we need to show the fairness, pureness and whiteness of our cause and that we are weak and ask for pride and victory from Allah. We ask for the invocations of all the Muslims for God to save us and to grant us success in fighting the foe of Allah and our foe. We should not appear as Shaykh ((Abu Ghayth)) appeared that we shall do this and do that and our leadership continues to exist and shall not be harmed and similar words that I had heard about him; this provoked several brothers from the Islamic movement who replied to him. Additionally, everyone is in a state of fragmentation (TN: broken spirits); you then tell them we shall strike in such a month which makes the hearts get attached to this date or that date. Then days went by and nothing happened, which makes the brothers frustrated and reduces their credibility before the Muslims. He also mentioned there was to be an attack in August and the Shaykh shall appear following it on television; unfortunately, August went by and nothing happened. –Rely upon the causes: we possess this and that, and we are a considerable force, and we have brothers in all the countries, and all the existing groups are small but we are the striking force and the supreme force as we own elements and money, as well as other similar terms that we had heard. We are in Afghanistan, and in the midst of a battle; unfortunately the individual was certain we would break and would not be steadfast and would not win in this battle. However Allah protected us with his mercy, and unfortunately rarely did we hear a lesson from the Shaykh or from others indicating that we were weak or are in need of support from Allah, and that our foe is considerable; but with our faith and loyalty, our firmness and with the grace of Allah to us first and last, we shall win– we heard a lot: our foe is weak and could not sustain a blow or two blows– America shall kneel– and America shall negotiate with us–the Saudi regime shall fall on this and that– Shaykh ‚Umar shall be released from jail with the end of America– and that Mullah ‚Umar and more importantly fear America as it shall attack Afghanistan– that the case of brother Ibn Al-Jarah, May God have mercy on him (detained in the custody of Mas'ud) shall be resolved and he shall be released in few days– that everyone supports us and that the Pakistani people are with us and shall stand by our side. Such words and many more similar words which were confirmed as being the opposite– The respected Shaykhs–no doubt, for he who is reporting these words, should be trusted in his reporting; as he would mention to you the praise, what is being said about you and that you have everyone's support, he should also report to you what is being said about you in the media and what is between you and the Muslim Movements as this is some of what is being said: You were the main reason for the toppling of the Islamic State The Jewish attacks increased against the Palestinians because of you The families and women fled because of you You ended the programs of several Islamic groups and dispersed their ranks The attacks increased as well as the tightening against the Muslims everywhere in the name of the combat against terrorism The widening of the gap between you and the Islamic movements due to these events You broke the hearts of the Muslims when the Arabs and the Afghanis broke before the Americans in a few weeks Your groups were no longer on the heart of one man, as several councils did not refrain from speaking about the events and the mistakes that you committed as well as those that the group had committed I say to you these words not from the perspective of just talking or of beating of chests but from the perspective of your knowing what is happening around you; this would allow you to take the right stance and make the safe decision (this is what I said to Shaykh ((Abu Hafas)), May God have mercy on him, a few days prior to the September attacks. I said, O Shaykh Abu Hafas, you need to tell the Shaykh what is being said about him in the arena, such as criticism and reproach so the Shaykh would not believe that food and tea sessions in which many pleasantries are being said are everything Œ rather, these are the real pictures). With this letter are several articles I found on the internet. With respect to the current situation here, -just so you have a picture- even if what is reported to you is different, as God is my witness to what I have to say. The situation, unfortunately, is bad and the management of the matters is overtaken by turmoil; there are many leaders who do not know whom to believe and whom to respond to; the arrest of several brothers as mentioned was due to the failing of several leaders who did not know whom to blame and whom to hold accountable for any mistakes. Each emir blamed the other, as there was no one to consult with, no one to provide advice, and every official would do whatever his mind would tell him. In many instances, the victims were the youths. I met quite a few of them who had in the councils nothing but claims talking about the facts and bitter events; not only that, but several brothers reached a point where they wanted to travel to their homeland to avoid being arrested and because of the ill treatment. Sometimes they would wish-ill to their leaders. I am convinced that not everything that is being said is true, however with the increased claims, there is indeed a problem and a flaw Unfortunately, the hearts are not in the heart of one man, and every individual overrules his brother (I do not wish to mention more than that) With respect to the external work, there is no success in the work and several operations failed and many of those attempting to carry out attacks were arrested. Hence, the need to review and identify the flaw Œ is it from us or from those in charge of this matter? He gets rested for a while, then someone else assumes his duties–etc. Our respected Shaykhs: There is need to have a quick review of the situation in general, and for us to place our hands on the flaw and to see where it is coming from; is it from our hearts, or is it because we relied upon ourselves and is it–etc. We need to provide our brothers with advice and guide them. The need for the concerned individuals to sit down, whether here or in neighboring countries to decide upon a schedule and specific program whereby privileges would be determined accurately. They would then settle and come to a mutual consent because everyone needs to work as a comprehensive work team. May God grant you strength and assistance to what he likes and satisfies him At last, someone like me should not be talking to someone like you in this matter, and I ask for your forgiveness for some of the terms that failed me in some of the expressions. (I only desire (your) betterment to the best of my power; and my success (in my task) can only come from God. In Him I trust, and unto Him I look.) Peace, mercy and the blessings of Allah be upon Your brother Asad 28/6 1423H corresponding to 5 September 2002 Comment: with respect to the letter of Dr. Abu Aminah, whether the first or the second, we have only received it a few days ago and I had sent it to him 