1 In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful Praise be to God, the sustainer of both worlds, and peace be upon our Messenger, Muhammad, and peace be upon his heir and companions. Furthermore, To our honorable Emir, the Emir of all Believers: May God bless you and make you successful in every step of the way. Peace ! I hope that my message finds you and the rest of the mujahidin well. I ask the Almighty God to make you successful. I ask the Almighty God to assist you in making the right decisions. I ask the Almighty God to assist you to endure on the right path. I would like to announce that the situation is good and that the enemy is crumbling on many fronts; be it social, political, military, or financial. Some rational men in America are now calling on their government to lower the budget of the United States Defense Department, so the country can lower its national debt and the interest it pays to debtors. The United States debt level has sky-rocketed. The Mujahidin need to be patient only a bit longer, and the outcome, God willing, will be, particularly in their favor and, generally, in favor of all the Muslim people. Let us reflect on what God says: But if ye are constant and do right, not the least harm will their cunning do to you; for God c-chapter). America appears to be hanging on by a thin thread. Due to the financial difficulties, there have been adamant calls in the West, as well as in the United States, for the United States to withdraw its troops from Afghanistan. 2 As you know, some NATO members have already announced their plan to withdraw their troops from Afghanistan in the year 2011. Canada was among the first Western country to do so. Also, many of the political opposition groups in Western countries have demanded from the ruling parties in their countries to withdraw troops from Afghanistan. Even Obama himself had announced his strong desire to withdraw American troops from Afghanistan, and within months. Some members of the Republican party, however, as well as some army generals, pressed Obama to do otherwise. They claimed that if they withdrew their troops from Afghanistan, it would negatively impact their standing and interests throughout the world. Obama, on the other hand, argued that he did not have any more money, even to use to buy milk for the children of those troops. This is exactly what Gorbachev told his generals when they wanted to keep the Russian troops in Afghanistan. We need to be patient a bit longer. With patience, there is victory! With hardship, there is relief! You may have recently heard on the news about the targeting of worshippers in mosques and markets, especially in Pakistan and Afghanistan. According to the news, the most recent attacks had been attributed to some mujahidin groups in those two countries. Per Islamic Law, it is unlawful to target mosques or public places. Hence, one cannot justify the killing of many innocent people in mosques and public places, for the sake of killing one enemy. You know too well that Islam forbids Muslims from killing one another. God has repeatedly warned those who kill without a just cause. You also know that those types of attacks do not fall within the Tatarus protocol -- a conditional protocol that permits an act of war against an enemy who uses the public as a shield. The matter of targeting apostates, for the most part, is permitted, as long as a jurist has a chance to view that matter. However, the targeting of apostates at mosques or other public gatherings is not permitted. 3 In an authenticated hadith, which was narrated by Ibn Majah, the , t would be easier for me to see the whole world vanish then to A servant of God remains faithful to his or her religion as long as he or she does not spill the blood of an innocent man The hadith was authenticated, then narrated by al-Bukhari. Accordingly, the Muslims, in general, and the Mujahidin, in particular, wish to hear your voice on this matter. So, you may remind and warn others about the danger of spilling the blood of the Muslim people without a just cause. Finally, we ask the Almighty God to make you successful. We ask the Almighty God to assist you in helping Islam and in helping the Muslim people be triumphant. We ask the Almighty God to help us and to help you endure on the right path, so we can support His true religion. I hear and obey And peace be upon you Your brother, who calls upon God to assist you, and to make you victorious! Usama Bin Muhammad Bin Ladin Friday 27 Dhu I-Hijja 1431 