 In the Name of God, the Merciful, the Compassionate To our people in Libya: Praise God, the One Almighty King, breaking the back of all tyrants and oppressors. Prayers and peace be upon the chief righteous one, our Prophet Muhammad, and on his pure family and companions. Peace and the mercy and blessings of God be upon you. Greetings to our people in Libya, the free and defiantŠespecially to our people and the young men in dear, proud Benghazi, and then to the rest of Libya. Before that, greetings to our people in Tunisia, the defiant (may God make them successful), and to our people in Egypt (may God set them on the right path). We greet all of them and congratulate them for what God has granted us and them in removing those despots, tyrantsŠthose oppressive, corrupt criminals. We pray to God that this will be a good commencement of goodness and blessings for us and them and the rest of the Muslims, and a path to correct and good choices, which will bring about happiness in this world and the next. Praise God, who healed our hearts of the tyrant al-Qaddafi and his evil authority, who fought against God, His religion, and His messengers. Praise God, who showed us his humiliation, beggary, and supplication, and made him an example for the people, which example is not finished, while we are witnessing it. Praise God, who made al-Qa'ida a great vexation upon him, squatting on his chest, enraging and embittering him, and who made al-Qa'ida a torment and exemplary punishment upon himŠthis truly vile hallucinating individual who troubles us in front of the world! I apologize to all Arabs and Muslims for all that has emanated from this lunatic tyranny of the damned. I apologize to the free human rights activists and othersŠfrom the media (from the Al Jazeera channel and others). And I apologize to the people of reason and literature and honor, for how this rotten individual disgraced them, Libya, and its people. To You be praise and confidenceŠplease grant Your favor and relief. Say: "O God. Lord of Power (And Rule), Thou givest power to whom Thou pleasest, and Thou strippest off power from whom Thou pleasest: Thou enduest with honour whom Thou pleasest, and Thou bringest low whom Thou pleasest: In Thy hand is all good. Verily, over all things Thou hast power" ('Amran 26). O fellow Muslims in Libya, I direct to you a few brief messages: First Message: I hope to God that this popular youth revolution is penanceŠor partial penanceŠfor the excessive silence and weakness and acceptance of humiliation and insult on the part of many of us. In fact, there are some (may God guide them on the right path and reform them) who took part with the Qaddafi regime in his crimes spanning over four decades. These sacrifices being made by the sons and daughters of Libya the past few daysŠthe killed and woundedŠare a part of that penance. We ask God to have mercy on the dead Muslims and forgive them and admit them in with the martyrs. Indeed, completely erasing those sins and offenses, and completely atoning for those great crimes, rather, is repentance to God, and a return to faithfulness in Him; to His true religion and refined law; to His light and His path, which the nation of Islam lovesŠbinding ourselves more and more to GodŠfaithfully obeying Him. He is the Guardian of our grace (glory be to Him). He is the Gracious Friend and Commendable Custodian, who has the best names and superlative attributes (to Him be all the praise and glory). Second Message: The stage after al-Qaddafi is definitely the stage of Islam. I hope that everyone knows this, and that they join together in choosing it and working for it, loving righteousness and prosperity in this world and the next. I swearŠIslam is coming again, whether through the honor of the honorable or the humiliation of the humiliatedŠwhether people hate it or like it. So let's all stand with our religion and our Islamic culture and identity, glorifying and honoring our Islam. Therefore, I call for a new situation in LibyaŠin which the nation's constitution clearly stipulates adherence to God's religion, Islam, in which Shari'ah is the source of legislation, and that which Shari'ah establishes and that which is taken into consideration is from Shari'ah, which is truly and faithfully adhered to. This is a stipulation in which no one can be remiss or neglectful. Such cannot be accepted by the sober, vigilant, bright, and aspiring people and youth of Libya. I call on all righteous scholars, preachers, the educated, people with ideas and opinions, people of dignity and wealth, those activists calling for freedom, justice, and rights, good officers and soldiers from the Libyan army (both those we know and those we don't know), and all the Libyan youthŠI call on them to redouble their efforts in order to accomplish this great objective and crown the success in achieving this noble objective. Third Message: In the midst of any reform and reconciliation (which God loves, accepts, and blesses), any new regime in LibyaŠif it is not alongside the jihadi vanguard from the sons of the Islamic community, for considerations of a gradual approach or the need to maintain some perceived interest or state of weakness, etc.Šit must at least stand for the common interest and avoid any harm to it (TN: the jihadi vanguard), and avoid standing or allying with the enemies of God against it. The Sunnah of God are continuing, the word of God is supreme, and the soldiers of God will be triumphant. Know that the matter is in God's handsŠthat the earth is God's and He owns everything, and that what some of the weak and wobbly among our people fear (an invasion from outside the country or American or European dominance) are Satanic delusions. As God said, "It is only the Evil One that suggests to you the fear of his votaries: Be ye not afraid of them, but fear Me, if ye have Faith" (TN: Qur'an 3:175). The correct choice is to stand with our religion and our community. Indeed, the enemies can do nothing to us if we do so. Fourth Message: It is manifestly in the greater interest for our people in Libya to preserve their cohesion, friendship, harmony, and unity. There is nothing that will accomplish this or assist in it other than to adhere to the religion of Islam, through which God has strengthened us. Fifth Message: Further, I call for giving precedence to pardoning and amnesty and forgiving those who have erred or abused or swam with the current, and made incorrect choices in the previous era. I also call for everyone to repent and perform acts of charity, as long as they were not vicious criminals who committed the most heinous crimes against the religion and the people, among the cronies of al-Gaddafi and his associates. Sixth Message: A warning to the enemies of GodŠthe Americans and others against so much as thinking about aggression or interference in the country. Otherwise, the soldiers of God and the men of Islam will make them forget their tragedies (God willing). Make sure you understand! God is victorious over His affairs, but most people are unaware. God is greatŠto Him be praise and glory. Everything goes back to Him. Peace and the mercy and blessings of God be upon you. Your brother, Jamal Ibrahim Ishtiwi al-Misrati AKA 'Atiyatallah Friday, 22 Rabi' al-Awal 1432 (corresponding with 25 February 2011 