 In the name of Allah the most gracious the most merciful To the honorable brother Mahmud May God protect him / Peace, Mercy and the Blessings of Allah be upon you I received your message and God willing we shall relay what you had mentioned about your friend to our friend in dealing with the current situation using wisdom. We give you the good news that the current changes witnessed by the Arab area are, God willing, indications of the vanishing of the Jews small nation (Israel); it includes good tidings for the Muslim countries. We would like to appease you in considering your opinion in general and in principle; we agree with you that we should deal with all of these current changes that the international Arab arena is witnessing with additional vigilance, wisdom and a good policy. Our minds should focus on the following: 1. Avoid emerging with a strong appearance that could cause embarrassment to the political and popular powers in the revolutionary Arab societies; and leave the opportunity for them to rebel against the tyrant, criminal and corrupted rulers. The change itself bears much goodness as it has mercy on the people and provides a chance to launch for the cause of the call; that is to include additional preparation from the nation to render the jihad victorious in all fields. 2. Participation and contribution with our nation and people in these revolutions and uprisings, by encouraging them and reminding them of Allah, as well as the other day and the call to rise upright on the path of Allah, with good advice and appropriate style, free of delusion and pretention. This is a religious duty I mean the call for Allah and the promotion of virtue are considered a substantial opportunity that we could not neglect. 3. We should also seize the opportunity to register a political stance indicating that we, along with our people, are against oppression and call for freedom by insisting upon it and victory to rights, etc. That should be done in a moderate and acceptable style, beneficial to the people, God willing. 4. We have issued appropriate instructions for the mentioned wording in the field, and in our communication with our brethren in other arenas, such as: Algeria, Yemen, and others. We believe that the conduct of our brothers who we have traced thus far is good. We ask God to grant us and you the suitable expression, work and intention, Amen. With resthem and having a direct clash at this time. The need is to remain occupied with the bigger and joint foe of the Islamic nation which are the Americans. My dear brother Mahmud/ In an effort to provide continuous advice, righteousness and patience, I shall provide you with the comments written by one of the mujahidin brothers concerning some people in the ranks of the mujahidin in Afghanistan. The intention is to draw your attention to an issue that you may have not received yet; the final intention is for the purpose of reform by searching issues, realizing the flaws and fixing them. We have exerted our utmost efforts in dealing with reform and repulsing corruption. Bear in mind that the brother, author of the report, may have been mistaken or had exaggerated in his vision. However, reviewing his text is important and beneficial for the purpose of searching and certitude - then seeking reform. What the brother had written is associated with the conduct of individuals, members of the Taliban (mujahidin of the Islamic emirate of Afghanistan) in the states of Baghlan and Maydan. The brother said: Our Shaykh, I am reporting a regrettable issue, which is the reason for the delay of victory. The situation began in the areas where the thorn of the Talbah began to deteriorate, due to their internal problems and conflicts within their ranks. This started in the state of Maydan, where the leader of the Emirate was Mawlawi ((Taha)); his approach was to curb those associated with parties and the Wahhabis. There were strong disagreements amongst the leaders of the groups internally. The approach of this Mawlawi was to provide money to everyone carrying out an attack. The leaders of the groups were in disagreement with respect to dividing the money, causing the establishment of a party (meaning the Hizb Islami Hekmatyar) in the area. The people were dissatisfied with the Taliban for several reasons, such as: Collecting the tithe from the people and fighting in dividing it each one wanting to protect members of the government or owners of big cars providing support to the Americans because they gave them money. As such, no other group could oppose it, to include the national militias known as the al-Arbikyan (sic), and no other group would interfere in this area in fear of creating hostility. For that purpose the militias grew stronger in the area and now the Talbah are out of the area, unable to ingress in areas where in the past they used to walk during daylight carrying their weapons. for the people, as those who used to preach to the people while in power would curse them and accuse them of being hypocrites. They collected the tithe by force and beat up people in markets for simple reasons. Similarly, they did the same thing in areas where the party was in control, but the people rebelled against them. I know some groups who secretly agreed with foreign institutions for a few dollars to secure a path and build streets and roads going from Kabul to the villages, despite the orders issued from the Emirate in preventing the institutions from working the streets. With respect to Baghlan, other things were taking place. When the Wali of Baghlan was arrested in Pakistan, they appointed a new Wali; they disagreed, leading to fighting amongst each other. Those who did not obey the orders of the Emirate in the appointment of the new Wali underestimated the issue. Each group would harm the people in collecting the tithe, until the people got tired and left them. as the Talbah left the area and all the areas were open for the government. The government would announce that opposition groups would turn themselves in to the government they were not lying in that respect unfortunately, because of all these people joined the government. Most or all people in Baghlan are currently under the control of the government. I have only written this for you to learn what was happening and to be diligent in avoiding this issue if possible before it is too late. We ask God to grant us goodness, righteousness and justice and conquest to the mujahidin . Peace, mercy and the blessings of Allah be upon you Mid-March 2011 