 In the Name of God, the Merciful, the Compassionate Praise God, Lord of the Worlds. God bless our Prophet, Muhammad, and grant him salvation, as well as all of his family and companions. To the Islamic Community in General Peace and the mercy and blessings of God be upon you. Great and definitive events have taken place during the course of the past nine years in human history, of all kinds. The enemy has exerted its efforts and strength to hide it from the world in general, and the mujahidin in particular. The balance of forces has changed, and the face of the land is about to change (God willing), after the fateful world war, which has lasted nine years, between the forces of material force on the face of the land Š led by America Š and the Islamic forces, which have been strengthened by the forces of the Almighty, with reinforcements from Him. This is what was confirmed by ((Blair)) during his visit to his soldiers in Afghanistan several years ago, when he said, “From this desert the fate of the world will be determined.” Ever since America became the singular pole and sole superpower, spreading fear and terror in the East and the West, killing men, women, and children in an atmosphere filled with humiliation, subjection, and degradation, which it sends into people's minds with numerous weapons, the most destructive of these weapons for our Islamic community have been the media and psychological warfare, which rob people of their will and terrorize them, enslaving them to America, who does what it wants whenever it chooses, while there is nothing on the earth or in space that can stop it. Sympathizers at the time used to tell the mujahidin that if America wanted to subdue anyone it would only take 24 hours. And here we are in the tenth year of the war, and America and its allies are still chasing a mirage, lost at sea without a beach. They thought that the war would be easy, and that they would accomplish their objectives in a few days or a few weeks and they did not prepare for it financially, and there is no popular support that would enable it to carry on a war for a decade or more. The sons of Islam have opposed them and stood between them and their plans and objectives. After having spoken of the great Middle East and of spreading democracy by force in more than 60 Islamic countries, they have begun to talk these days about their withdrawal from Iraq and Afghanistan, after their unity has been dissolved, and their union split, and their alliance dismantled, while at the same time (by the favor of God) the concept of jihad has spread throughout the world, and the fronts for fighting the Crusader/Zionist alliance have multiplied, and the ranks of the mujahidin have unified and continue to come together and unify (by the favor of God). So who has accomplished their objectives in this war and all that is taking place? We must reflect and think upon these events, which have shown America's faults in fighting one of the weakest Islamic countries, and poorest in terms of numbers and armaments, at the hands of a trivial number of people from this community, who adhere to their religion and the guidance of their Prophet (may God have mercy on him and grant him salvation). The only thing keeping American from admitting defeat and failure is its fear of what millions of Muslims will feel about the victory that they have achieved, which will determine the fate of the world and bring it out of the darkness and oppression practiced by America and its allies and agents upon mankind and into the light of Islam and its justice and even-handedness. This is their motivation for trying to draw attention from the victory that has been won (with the favor of God), through their media and the media of their agents. We must exercise great care against the psychological warfare that they are waging on the community. This war restricts the goodness of the community, and binds the greatest real power on this earth, doctrinally and materially. It (TN: the community) has a powerful doctrine, to which nothing in existence is comparable, and a system that God has pledged to maintain (and nothing futile emanates from His hands or those of his successor). It owns an area larger than any other community on the planet. It is also composed of the richest nations in terms of energy wealth (oil and the sun). 