 In the name of Allah, the most compassionate, the most merciful To the kind brother, Shaykh Mahmud, Allah protect him. Greetings, I hope this message will reach you while you, your family, your children, and all the brothers are in the best of health and prosperity. - I wish that you would inform us of what is rumored of the martyrdom of the military commander, we ask Allah... - In addition to my previous emphasis that you be in a safe location outside the bombardment area, due to the security situation, you should run the work through two brothers only. Do not meet with anyone other than them, and they will be your messengers to the brothers. One of [these two brothers] for Afghanistan affairs, and the other for Pakistan affairs. It is important that the leadership be in a safe location, which will lead to the leadership building expertise. However, if the leadership is exposed to death, this will lead to arrival of young leaders who do not possess all the expertise that the previous leadership did, and so mistakes will be repeated where they should have been learned and avoided. Therefore, the preservation of a qualified leadership for a long time while fighting the enemy is the most damaging to the enemy, as the effects on entities when their highest leadership is lost has been historically proven and documented. - Regarding the negotiations on releasing the Afghan prisoner that you have, you have to deal very cautiously with the negotiators. Handling money is fraught with mistakes that make caution a requirement when handling funds in general, even donation money, and here I have an opinion that may .... that a house be rented in Peshawar and in which funds are received. The funds are brought there, and the brother that comes from the house to you does not move from the house to you, except on a cloudy overcast day and after the money has been changed. The above-mentioned operation is to be conducted by exchanging vehicles in the tunnel between Kohat and Peshawar, because the house could be monitored. After that, the brother leaves the house and the house if left until the term of the lease is finished. Perhaps the brother would receive the last installment on the road after he has cleared the house of everything that needs to be removed ..... even. There will never be a meeting with the negotiators inside Waziristan (meaning any area that is within the photography parameters of the American aircraft), unless there is a tight plan that prevents the enemy from following these negotiators, and accordingly, following the brothers. It is obvious that the news may reach the Americans that the specific entity is negotiating with the mujahidin to secure the release of their prisoner. It is important to get rid of the suitcase in which the funds are delivered, due to the possibility of it having a tracking chip inside it. Also, the brother should not be from the leadership. - I wish that brother ‚Azzam would translate Robert Fisk's book titled (.............)and then you send me a copy. - It is obvious to you that the coming anniversary of the two Manhattan attacks is the tenth anniversary and this event has great importance. Therefore, care must be given to it and preparation should start now. I hope you will provide me with your opinion on this. I see that we should not settle for one media source to benefit from that event and to deliver our messages to Muslims and embody the victory they achieved in the event to return their self confidence and incite their souls. Instead, we inform Al Jazeera that we are ready to cooperate with them in the area of coverage for the tenth anniversary of September 11 and that we also follow up with them on the program that was proposed in the past to be prepared by Ahmad ((Zaydan)). We look for an American channel that is close to neutrality and professionalism, such as CBS, for example, and we send to the material that we want delivered to the American people on the tenth anniversary. Maybe you would consult with brother ‚Azzam about the channel to which you sent the tape (Al Jazeera English). I also see that you should send to ‚Abd-al-Bari ((‚Atwan)) and Robert ((Fisk)) and tell them that the tenth anniversary of September 11 is near and that it is the summation of ten years of severe warfare between the mujahidin and the United States. As they are hoisting the banner of opposing opinions, this is an opportunity for us to explain our motivations for the continuation of this war, which has had its damage upon us as an Islamic world and upon humanity, and to show that rights should be returned to their owners and that we have no choice but to defend our nation. Instead, the world should put its efforts into attempting to reduce the release of [greenhouse] gases. The choice is with whoever is continuing to assault us. This is a struggle between two of the largest cultures on Earth, and it is in the shadow of catastrophic climatic conditions, and it would help to avoid that by relaying a true picture of the struggle. Tell them that their role is more than just to relay the information to the newspapers and that we have a proposal for them to prepare a documentary on the tenth anniversary and that we will provide them with written, audio, and video information. [Tell them that] we want them to provide us with their vision and for the experts in the field to put together a plan for the film that will explain the events and their consequences, and via economics experts, shed light on the fact that the Mujahidin are the main cause of the financial crisis from which the US is suffering. - I hope you will inform me of the reason that prevented the flood data from being given to Al Jazeera network. 