 In the name of God, the most merciful, the compassionate Praise be to Allah, God of the universe, prayers and peace upon the master of all messengers Thereafter, To the father and the mother, may Allah protect and nurture you from evil and harm. Peace be upon you with God's mercy and blessings. I ask God Almighty that this letter arrives to you and finds you in excellent health, preserved, and patient on what we have lost in this world. The precious Um-'Abdallah (, may Allah bless her soul, was the best wife and the best mother for 'Abdallah, 'Aisha, Usamah, and Fatimah (Siham). Currently, 'Abdallah is in school while 'Aisha, Usamah, and Fatimah are with the beloved. When Usamah sees me, he calls me Uncle. I have waited for you to send me a letter in this difficult situation. I thought it was imperative to bring my children together and propose to someone. Al-Ansari who is a good man and is with us, had strongly suggested that I should get married. He began actively searching for a suitable bride, but I said to him wait until we locate the best Arab sister, so I asked God for proper guidance. I am waiting to receive a letter from you, but this is Allah's predestination, this is what I have mentioned along with other things, praise is to God for what we have been afflicted with. After three months passed by as thirty years, the most difficult in these three months, with Usamah still calling me Uncle, I proposed to a widow who had three children; she was with the precious Khadijah, may God bless her soul. I have revealed what happened in a letter sent to you, and after three days they will answer God's willing. By God, I was forced by the situation of my children, the most precious things I see in front of my eyes, this is what I can write for you. My father, I state my readiness for any order, guidance, or directive from you. I am the soldier who pledged allegiance to you for Jihad, to serve the religion and to raise the slogan of "No God but Allah, Muhammad is God's prophet." I am the husband of Khadijah, may God bless her soul, and also your neglectful son. Dear Mother, don't forget to pass on your valuable advice and to remember me in your supplications. I am your neglectful son, so-and-so, the husband of Khadijah, may Allah blesses her soul. How about the issue of the items that I am entrusted with, and how about the gold of the precious Khadijah, may Allah bless her soul. “If it wasn't for my religious restrictions, I would have worn her clothes and jewelry, And I would pronounce that these are the clothes of my beloved, Oh God, fill my heart with faith and certainty to meet with her in Heaven.” Don't forget to include me in your prayers. Your neglectful son, 'Abd-al-Latif 13 Shawwal 