To the noble brother al-Hajj ‚Uthman Please assign one of the brothers to be concerned with the affairs of the Baluchi and Kurdish brothers. Please be frank with the brothers in the Islamic State of Iraq that they must establish a special, strong apparatus for following up on the behavior of the mujahidin brothers and sending whoever necessary, who is accused of violating the rights of the people to be judged. You stated in your message that Katrina presented a message on behalf of Sa'd. This behavior is not correct. He must be warned not to get involved in matters such as these and those similar to them. Attached is a copy of my letter to Shaykh Abi Muhammad concerning the Islamic State of Iraq. I put before you a very important matter that needs a great amount of effort to eliminate the confusion about the subject of the Islamic State in Iraq, where the communication between you and the media and the Internet is facilitated greatly. You must plug this gap, whereby the primary focus of your working plan in the coming period is continuing to support the righteous mujahidin in Iraq - and first among them are our brothers in the Islamic State of Iraq Œ and to defend them because he is the pivotal figure and is the lion's share and is the maximum priority in your words and statements. And work to rally the people and expose the conspiracies and defeat them in a frank and clear way, meaning your support for the state is visible to the eyes and not hidden to anyone. Be sure of an important point and the man ways to get to it, which there is truth in the fact that there is a conflict and clash between two doctrines Œ a doctrine that wants to establish a state where Almighty God alone is supreme and a doctrine for the future state of Iraq where kings and presidents are supreme and not Almighty God alone. For, the mujahidin have strived and continue to strive to establish the principle of the first group of God's Prophet (may God's prayers and peace be upon him) and his companions (may God be pleased with them all). They are not interested in taking sides with the persons and groups that strive to truly establish God's faith. Rather, what interests them is being led by the group and its amir to establish Almighty God's faith. Then there are the Islamic groups in general and the mujahidin from them in particular who have been divided into two main parts. There is a part that thinks it is not possible to establish the Islamic state and fight international and local blasphemy without the cooperation of the governments and leaderships in the region who have been clearly good at deception. And there are the righteous mujahidin who believe establishing the faith and supremacy of Almighty God alone and the duty to get rid of the tyrant rulers and client governments. And from here there is the true nature of the dispute and what created it, as it is draped in secondary guises and pretences. The true nature of the conflict then is between two sects; between international and local blasphemy (and those who follow them including many of the groups with Islamic names) and the righteous mujahidin including al-Qa'ida. This is the true nature of the conflict. However, the states in their wickedness have forced some Mujahid Islamic groups to the front, so it appears that the conflict is between the mujahidin in al-Qa'ida and mujahidin in other groups. Furthermore, the issue is not the killing of one or three or why did they say this or that, for things like these can be solved easily. The state is yielding and takes what is due from the oppressor and gives it to the oppressed, no matter what the organizational affiliations are. This is the truth. The governments declare us the enemy and view us as their fiercest foe and we will strive to eliminate them after Iraq. This is something that is undisputed and known by everyone. Furthermore, the Brothers and the Sururi's think they are premier for having established the modern Islamic awakening, whereby they firmly consider themselves preeminent in their leadership and patronage and that anyone else infringes upon them without any right. And this is their practice with every Islamic work. This is not to mention that they consider the leader of al-Qa'ida as one of their students and a member f their group, who rebelled against their orders a quarter century ago and he must return to be loyal and obedient to the group. Furthermore, there must be a calm response to everyone who wants to dissolve the state or cast suspicion on it, whoever it might be. As an example, the response to Hamid al-‚Ali's letter that was issued in Rabi' al-Awal (attached is a copy of it), wasn't it he who straightened it out himself and corrected the error. And there were those who responded to him and defended the state and offered important points no doubt, but they missed other points of importance that they did bring up and, in principle, they are in summary: International blasphemy with all of it media agencies and with the help of local blasphemy agencies attack Islamic groups and spend millions to contain them and dissolve them. Hamas was contained by Iran by supporting it. Also, the Saudi regime was able to extract from it respect for international law with regard to Palestine, meaning recognizing the Zionist entity. And before it, there were the Muslim Brothers and the Sururi's and Hizb Hasan Nasrallah who was contained and who agreed to sign Resolution 1701. And this Muslin theologian's organization went to the tyrant regimes and was contained in public through the media and also al-Hizb al-Islami in Iraq and Hizb Siyaf and Rabani in Afghanistan. al-Qa'ida remained steadfast by God's grace for two decades, and by God's grace no one was able to dissolve it in the brackish international or local political acids. So the enemy has risen up in full swing, and it receives arrows from everyone and from every direction internationally and locally. And they are focusing their campaigns now in Iraq and in fear that al-Qa'idah has become international and by God's grace has expanded its circle. And the people have entered it in whole flocks and tribes and groups. So it had to establish in Iraq a state and an amir to rule these people and facilitate their affairs and preserve shar'iah law. The trustworthy mujahidin in Iraq have vouched for individuals and have established the state and have agreed upon an amir from among them who is Abu ‚Umar al-Baghdadi. As for the amir of war in Iraq, we know him and have vouched for him publicly in both video and audio throughout the world. For, the majority by God's grace trusts in al-Qa'ida and that it remains steadfast with regard to principle and the pure doctrine. So it has passed the tests or the taming and the containment and the dissolution regarding the politics and the infidel leaders. So how can this group be left with the others? That was the reason for the intrigue against it, there is no strength and power but through God. For this reason, we must refute the words of Shaykh Hamid al-‚Ali in his call to dissolve the state and the textual evidence he has cited. The intent would not be to criticize the correct words of imams that are based on their circumstances throughout the past centuries. However, our situation in this era in which we live is one in which international and regional blasphemy has prevailed throughout the land. And it is impossible for us to have it appear for everyone to see and for there to be a public swearing of loyalty. Our situation is not an exceptional one as we have noted. However, we criticize al-‚Ali's statement and his citing the statements of the imams which are not in their context, and we want to respond to his statement that the state has no spine and that its amir is not known and so on. Also, there must be a response to al-Jaysh al-Islami. I have learned about many responses to them among which is Shaykh ‚Atiyah's response which isn't bad but appears to have been made in haste. The matter calls for several responses with some detail and objectivity and frankness without making accusations about the intentions and instead debated what they put forth. But there are important points that are of a high degree of importance that must be made. And they are that the charter of al-Jaysh al-Islami is to pursue Takfir against the tyrant governments and their supporters and that a review of the statement of al-Jaysh al-Islami and the articles of the charter and doctrine of this group reveals a clear contradiction between the statement and the charter. And it is unimaginable that such a clear contradiction such as this could be made by the leaders of al-Jaysh al-Islami. For example: they wrote in their charter . . . . . and especially in this paragraph where it states the members of the Mujahid groups including their leaders know and believe that the blasphemy of pagan is the cornerstone of monotheism. However, whoever prepared the statement criticizes the state for saying that the houses are houses of blasphemy. So, the writer of the statement secretly defends the tyrant rulers knowing that the people of knowledge make judgments on the houses based on the doctrine that he follows for making judgments, but that does not necessarily mean that their inhabitants are infidels. There is also the objection by the writer of the statement to the brothers of the state saying that jihad has been a religious obligation since the fall of al-Andalus . Yet the scrutinizing of the statement insults the same Surusi leaders who were contained by the Saudi regime. So, is this an issue that deserves dispute and public exposure and grief over the statements of the people of knowledge over the religious obligation if the countries of Islam have fallen at the hands of the infidels? Finally, I think the upper hand would be gained over the statement with a picture of the conflict between al-Qa'ida and international and local blasphemy and by focusing on this idea in the introduction and body and conclusion and in every subject written in this respect. It should be pointed out that the clash between us and the groups stems from the intersection of their interests with the interests of the rulers in confronting and thwarting the Islamic State of Iraq, so they have rushed into a flawed and unpalatable interpretation. If someone is convinced by what I have stated above, it would be nice if he were to include it in his writings and statements in coordination with the brothers who will be writing about this subject. 