 () In the name of God the merciful Praise be to God and the Lord of the worlds Tunis I was happy to receive your generous letters and I was pleased with the valuable suggestions you included. I hope you will continue to communicate via letters pending the situation and kindly keep me advised of your security situation. May God bless you and keep you in His sight. In reference to the important issues, I recall the following: In reference to my request to the brothers in Iraq to hold back on announcing the Amir, I did that in order to protect the unity of Al-Mujahidin there, and not to have discussions with us on this. Discussions with some of the faithful Al-Mujahidin groups in appointing the new Amir can bring the groups closer. They might accept unity they have a say in the appointment of the Amir. I am sure that you are aware of the great importance of unity in the faith. As far as what you mentioned regarding the cons in delaying the announcement of the Amir, we have no doubt about that. We pray to God to give the brothers in Iraq success in what pleases Him to unite their ranks and correctly support their aim. In reference to our request from al-Shaykh Mahmud to send them that (TN: sic) without any consultations, we did that because we heard that the brothers cannot contact you during that time period. Needless to say, the issue cannot be delayed further. One of your tasks (TN: SIC) Pertaining to Somalia and your thoughts on issues related to announcing the pledge of allegiance––.? In reference to what you previously noted about the possibility of pressure in the future from al-Tayyib (Var: Tayib) Group against us, if this were to happen and we cannot find a field to go to, the brothers should stay there and the leaders and us will be outside Afghanistan, in Pakistan for example, and if necessary disappear as I am doing now in order to keep the decision makers far away from that pressure. In reference to your opinion on supporting the Islamic Republic of Iraq and Abu-Bakr al-Baghdadi's decision––––.from a different perspective In reference to coordinating with Nas al-Gharb (TN: groups of the west), we are on the same page. I wrote to the brothers emphasizing the importance of this issue and coordination with ‚Abd-al Malik, but immediately after that he got arrested. May God grant you and reward you for the reminder on the importance of this issue, for it is a very important issue. In reference to some of the issues I pointed out to the brothers, but was not implemented, this is not the first time that this happened. I excuse them for they are busy and their situation is difficult. Regarding the brothers in general and the lack of adhering to the required security measures, I repeatedly stressed to them and I noted in details the things I want. But, this is a complicated issue and challenging for many people. It is impossible to change it, yet I will continue to stress the issue to them. In reference to taking care of the families of detainees, we ask God to ease their suffering. I will urge them to do their best on this. Shaykh Mahmud informed me that they allocated a portion of the budget for the families of detainees and their needs. May God grant them success. Regarding the issue of Nas al-Zayyat, I received your opinion in a previous letter from you to the brothers. I received their responses to your letter and their response is:–––––––––––––––––– In reference to what you pointed out about the actions of al-Qaradawi, whether they were proven or not, I think we should be gentle with him because many of the children of this nation do not know the truth about him. Needless to say that getting into an open debate with him, especially at this phase, would reflect negatively on jihad and al-Mujahidin. () Regarding what you mentioned about the cons of joining al-Qa'ida, perhaps this is caused by the negativity of the leaders toward the international expansion of the organization. We should do our best in controlling the issue and I will pay special attention to this. Also, please provide me your suggestions regarding this issue. Regarding what you mentioned about the importance of shortening the span of time between letters, may God reward you this advice. I will work on this, God willing. In reference to Khalid's letter to Abu-al-Harith, you did a good job. As for Khalid's communication with brother ‚Abdallah Al-Sanadi, it will not occur. Khalid is with us. He would have done that if he went to live with his brother. In reference to the warning that you attached the file named ‚Dangerous Warning', may God reward you. It is better that these important issues be attached in the file of the letter that you send to me to make sure that I receive them and read them. Regarding your efforts with Taliban, praise be to God for what you have accomplished and may God give you more success. Regarding the statement that I asked you about the issues, it is a good thing that you did not mention the name Tahrik in it. I think that you should publish it in Arabic too in order to the Arab Mujahidin in other fronts will benefit from it also. As you know, civilians have needlessly died in many operations that were attributed to our brothers in Iraq. Regarding your security situation, may God help you. We will try to reduce our communication with you as much as possible. Regarding your meeting with the brother to arrange for the issues related to the escort, do not meet with him yourself, and instead make the arrangements through correspondence. I am reminded of the incident in which brother Riyad was killed. He was killed because he did not follow the security precautions. Please make sure to implement all security precautions that I told you about before, including not meeting more than two people and, reduce your movement as much as possible. Regarding the aforementioned operation, the fact that the tribe is anti-Taliban does not justify carrying out an operation against it. This is based on the shari'ah and the fact that innocent people have died. 