 ( of 3) When can someone put an end to those who practice polytheism and spread it in the city of the Messenger of God, Prayer and Peace be upon him (PBUH)??? In the name of God, the Compassionate, the Merciful One of the greatest disasters and calamities is the refuge that Shia take in al-Baqi' graveyard (TN: Where most of the Companions of the Prophet are laid to rest) and near the mosque of the messenger of God (PBUH) which is in insolence to the Almighty God and His messenger (PBUH) and the believers, and in open declaration of polytheism, they distribute innovative booklets and curse the select of the nation without the objection or accountability by those in charge. The Shia nowadays are spreading their polytheism forcefully and bravely, and direct their prayers for the reincarnation of idolatry to renew the long wiped out ancient habits of Tayyibah (TN: Medina). They (TN: the Shia) plot against the monotheists and plan against Muslims; they fought battles in alliance with Jews and Christians against them (TN: Muslims). They have always had affinity to them (TN: Jews and Christians), and provided assistance to them, and they do not have any regret for supporting them against Sunni people. A short review of history will show the crimes by Shia against Sunni and the extent of their good relationship with the Jews; both are two sides of one coin. They are the grandchildren of Ibn-Saba' (TN: A Shia who betrayed the Caliph in Baghdad and spied to the Mogul who destroyed Baghdad and killed most of its inhabitants), they are the most stupid of all humanity, farthest from righteousness and the greatest haters. Today's Shia are more evil and cunning than those of yesteryear; here in Iraq they are chasing mujahidin who are fighting occupation, and are spying on them, and only their weakness and cowardliness prevent them from silencing and wiping out the Sunni. In some instances, the Crusaders were more merciful on Sunni than the Shia were. Here are the Shia of the Twelvers (TN: Or Ithna ‚Ashariyyah, a branch of Shia Islam recognizing 12 imams or leaders after Muhammad, the last of whom disappeared and who will return to rule again. Most Shia in Iran are Twelvers and it is the largest branch within Shia Islam) in the city of the Prophet and the great base for dispatch of the Islamic armies to purify earth from slavery by those who are created to pray for God Almighty; it is the great city where brigades were sent to fight the infidels and to hound idolatry. It is the school from where smart callers for Islam graduated, to call on people for God's faith. The Shia are announcing great evils in this city, and declaring the worst sins; have they killed innocent souls? Or forcefully took forbidden money? Or spoiled buildings and structures? Or committed crimes against honor and property? The situation is much worse than that, according to the Qur'an "For tumult and oppression are worse than slaughter." It is declared polytheism and open infidelity, they declare it openly through loudspeakers using disturbing noises, shameful words and strange scenes for Islamic countries, as if this nicest of all cities was not the home of the messenger (PBUH) and the place purified by his honorable companions, may Allah be pleased with them. These Shia practices in Medina are open polytheism and apparent infidelity, without any doubt, as if it was not the capital of the three Caliphs and Imams. They communicate their infidelity to the people by their calls on the dead and those who are not there, asking them for help and support when they do not have the powers of life, death, or resurrection; their acts of passing their hands and bodies over tombs and soil and cursing of the chosen righteous of humanity are grand innovations and great sins. ( of 3) Those are the companions of the Prophet (PBUH) they also curse and defame them and accuse them of being infidels. They, the Shia also accuse 'A'ishah of infidelity, the beloved wife of the Prophet and the daughter of his closest very truthful companion, when God Has attested to her innocence in Qur'an; they curse her using words inappropriate to be heard that are offensive to listeners. Anyone would be sad and depressed to observe them, to watch their behavior in their polytheist gatherings and to listen to their un-Islamic calls in the mosque of the messenger of God (PBUH), the spot most beloved to him, and the courtyards of the mosque. In the background of all these disgraceful acts, there are media channels documenting that at all the sites, under the slogan of freedom of religion and thought and the spirit of forgiveness. The duty of the nation (TN: Islamic world), towards the behaviors of Shia in Medina, is to pray for Almighty God and to counsel those responsible to stop such practices and to inform the people about the Shia who are obsessed with pre-Islamic practices and are enchanted by praising evil and cursing the righteous. Scholars have great responsibility in this matter, and hold a trust that they must undertake because they are the inheritors of Prophets; their responsibilities are similar to those of the Prophets, in calling for correct religious practices, urging for the increase of monotheism, combating polytheism, the promotion of virtue and prohibition of vice, and killing innovations in their infancy. I call on the youth to challenge the Shia with knowledge, wisdom and kind advise, but with firmness in confronting the strays; an optimal use of resources, keeping abreast of issues relating to the nation of Islam, playing a positive role in removing sinful means, the oppression of polytheism and responding to the sinners and spoilers because their exasperation will not get them anywhere. I also advise the youth to have the maxim from the Qur'an- "who is better in speech than one who calls (men) to Allah, works in righteousness, and says I am of those who bow in Islam." By calling for God they can impact societies and eradicate sins, to not forget good counsel from scholars who are not afraid to deliver their message in the best possible manner. I warn the emergency response men about the power of God and His punishment, and not to be agents for an increase of wounds and pains of the Muslim nation and not to be driven by money in their acts of detaining the faithful and being silent about the shouts and innovations of the deviants. I advise them not to be supporters of the spoilers who might be able to instill and propagate polytheism in the city of the Prophet (PBUH), and such an act would be the greatest sin. I justify the security forces' painful situation by being under orders from their jobs and command, to use that as an acceptable excuse while forgetting that he is protecting the greatest sin of disobedience to God on the area most sacred after Mecca; this violation is one of the greatest sins and the ugliest ( of 3) depravity and we ask them to correct those things that are wrong, or leave their posts, because their presence under existing circumstances gives legitimacy to such vile acts on these sacred holy places. I emphasize that the area must be cleansed of polytheists and their supporters; scholars in all sects are in accord about this: No one should obey an order that violates the directives of God, and there are several Hadith by the Prophet (PBUH) supporting this. (TN: Original includes Hadith). A reference is also made to al-Qudsi (TN: Authenticated Hadith) Hadith, a quoted verse by the Prophet where God says "I grant permission of war for whoever of my Prophets was subjected to enmity." (TN: The document expounds on the verification of Hadith by a large number of scholars and their interpretations.) There is no way for those who want success, good guidance, and lasting security in (TN: Saudi Arabia) and who seek mobilization to confront the challenges of the Crusaders. I reiterate the accusations that the Saudis have organized the Shia rituals in Medina and supervised their behavior, as if the matter is routine traffic or sports control, where the actions are allowable; they ignore the essence of the actions by Shia being polytheists or suggest a remedy for that. I advocate forbidding polytheist practices, removing those who commit that before their message spreads and is instilled in Medina which would revert the situation to the pre-Islamic era. I emphasizes that such a danger should be removed, and it is imperative to uproot it realistically and to search for a rational solution and a right exit from the dilemma. Said by: Sulayman Bin-Nasir al-'Ulwan 9/1/1425 Hijri (TN: 1 MAR 2004) ((snallwan@hotmail.com)) End of Translation 